[chorus: opera steve & cam'ron]
Killa Cam, Killa Cam, Cam
Killa Cam, Killa Cam
Killa Cam, Cam
Killa Cam, Killa Cam, Cam
Killa Killa Cam
Killa Cam, Cam, Killa (Killa!)
Killa Cam, Killa Cam, Cam (Bases loaded)
Killa Cam, Killa Cam (Uh-huh)
Killa Cam, Cam ( on second, Jim on third)
Killa Cam, Killa Cam, Cam (I'm at bat)
Killa Killa Cam
Killa Cam, Cam, Killa (I'm 'bout to hit this shit out the world)
Killa Cam (Ugh, ), Killa Cam, Cam
Killa Cam, Killa Cam
Killa Cam, Cam ()
Killa Cam, Cam, Killa (We make this shit clap)
Killa Killa Cam (Killa! Killa!)
Killa Cam, Cam, Killa
[verse 1]
With the goons I spar, stay in tune with ma (What up?)
She like, "Damn, this the realest since ''"
Bomaye, Killa Cam, my Lord (My Lord)
Still the man with the pan, scrilla, fam, on board
Now bitches, they want to neuter me, niggas, they want to tutor me
The hooligan in 's, maneuvering's nothing new to me
Doggy, I'm from the land of grind, pan-pan: gram or dime?
Not toes or MC when I say "hammer time"
Beef: I hammer mine, when I get my hands on nines
If I had on 'Bama line, , Cam'll shine
Canary burgundy: I call it "Lemon Red" (Red)
Yellow diamonds in my ear, call 'em ""
, end up dead, ice like
, , you could say I'm friends with Fred
You unhappy, scrappy? (What's going on, ?)
I got Pataki at me
say I'm "Tacky Daddy," Range look like Laffy Taffy
[chorus]
Killa Cam
Killa Cam Cam (sing)
Killa Cam Cam (uhh, it's me, clap)
Killa Cam
Killa Killa Cam (sing)
Killa Cam Cam Killa (uhh, it's me, clap)
Killa Cam Cam (sing)
Killa Cam Cam (clap, it's me)
Killa Killa Cam (clap)
(Harlem, I know y'all know about this)
Killa Cam Cam Killa (Killa!)
[verse 2]
Yo, I'm from where Nicky Barnes got rich as fuck
Rich and A hit the kitchens then were pitchin' up
Rob Base, Mase, Doug E Fresh switched it up
I do both, who am I to fuck tradition up? (Killa!)
So I parked in a tow-away zone
Chrome...I don't care
That car a throwaway, homes (Killa!)
to Harlem, where you welcome to problems
Off of furlough, fellow felons get pardons
Them niggas knew we bang
Stood out like Pootie Tang
Soon as the stoolie sings
That when the toolie sing!
Bang! Bang!
Came from that movie ring
Snap, crack jewelry bling
, ooh he bring
Clack-clack, "ooh he ring!"
Bad rap, cuties cling
Ass cap, put them in the river
I'm the sushi king
And I'ma keep ya fresh
Let the fish eat ya flesh
Yes sir, please confess
Just say he's the best (Killa!)
[chorus]
Killa Cam (sing)
Killa Cam Cam (clap)
Killa Cam Killa Cam (yes)
Killa Cam Cam (it's me, sing)
Killa Cam Cam Killa (clap, yes sir, uhh)
Killa Cam Cam (sing, clap)
Killa Cam Cam (it's me)
Killa Cam (sing, clap)
(Let me end this shit, listen)
Killa Cam Cam Killa
[verse 3]
(Killa!) Yo
How dope is this?
Teach you how to rope a chick
What you want: coke or piff?
Got it all, smoke or sniff? (everything)
And you know my drift
Used to figures, dough and shit (millions)
You a rooster nigga, just a roaster, bitch
And I roast ya bitch
That's how it usually ends
Tell her and her groupie friends
Go get their coochie cleansed
We the moody Gucci, Louis and Pucci men
Escada, Prada
The chopper it got the Uzi lens
Bird's-eye view
The birds I knew flip birds
Bird gangs, it was birds I flew
And word I blew off herb I grew
I would serve on stoops
Now swerve in coupes
It's me, sing! Killa, uhh
[chorus]

[produced by irv gotti]
[intro]
Yeah, hah, yeah, Roc-A-Fella
We invite you to somethin' epic, you know?
Well, we hustle out of a sense of hopelessness
Sort of a desperation
that desperation, we become addicted
Sort of like the fiends we accustomed to servin'
But we feel we have nothin' to lose
So, we offer you, well, we offer our lives, right?
What do you bring to the table?
[verse 1]
While I'm watchin' every nigga watchin' me closely
My shit is butter for the bread, they wanna toast me
I keep my head, both of them, where they supposed to be
Hoes'll get you sidetracked, then clapped from close feet
I don't sleep, I'm tired, I feel wired like codeine, these days
A brother gotta admire me from four fiends away
My pain, wish it was quick to see
From sellin' 'caine 'til brains was fried to a fricassee
Can't lie, at the time it never bothered me
At the bar, gettin' my thug on properly
My squad and me lack of respect for authority
' hard, happy to be escapin' poverty, however brief
I know this game got valleys and peaks
for dips, for precipitation we stack chips, hardly
The youth I used to be, soon to see a mill'in
No more Big Willie, my game has grown
Prefer you call me
Illin' for revenues, Rayful Edmond-like
7 News, round seven jewels, head dead in the mic
' all I ever knew, convenient amnesia
"I suggest you call my lawyer, I know the procedure."
Lock my body, can't trap my mind
Easily explain why we adapt to crime
I'd rather die enormous than live dormant, that's how we on it
Live at the main event, I bet a trip to Maui on it
suites my residential for the weekend
speakin' in codes since I sense you peekin'
The NSX rental, don't be fooled, my game is mental
We both out of town, dog, what you tryin' to get into?
Viva Las Vegas, see ya later at the crap tables
Meet me by the one that starts a G up
This way no Fraud present gamblin' they re-up
And we can have a pleasant time, sippin' margaritas
[chorus]
Ge-ge-geyeahhh
Can I live?
Can I live?
[verse 2]
My mind is infested with sick thoughts that circle
Like a Lexus, if driven wrong it's sure to hurt you
Dual level like duplexes, in unity
My crew and me commit atrocities like we got immunity
You guessed it, manifest it
In tangible goods, platinum Rolex'd it
We don't lease, we buy the whole car, as you should
My confederation, dead a nation
on detonation, overload the mind of a said patient
When it boils to steam, it comes to it
We all fiends, gotta do it: even righteous minds go through this
True this, the streets school us to spend our money foolish
Bond with jewelers and watch for intruders
I stepped it up another level, meditated like a
lieutenants with ludicrous dreams of gettin' cream
"Let's do this," it gets tedious
So I keep one eye open like CBS - you see me stressed, right?
[chorus]

Maybe cause I'm eatin
And these bastards fiend for they grub
I carry pumps like I serve gasoline to these scrubs
Have you seen my Aston leanin on dubs
And they can't afford chrome so they puttin on they hubs
I'm lookin for a girl with a ass like Trina to rub
Take home and let her watch the plasma screen in the tub
These niggas hate I move as smooth as castor cream in the club
And dont pass my green or my bub
But I'm a fly nigga that don't do much to pull her and dick her
I'm poppin a tag and pullin a sticker
I'm switchin the tags and pullin up sicker
Every "K" I'm loadin the mags with bullets to flicker
And I ain't hesitatin homie I'm pullin it quicker
So you can act tough After a few pulls of some liquor
Gotta pull it on niggas
And they won't be goin nowhere for a while
They might as well pull out a snicker Ye-Ye-Yea
[hook]
me father for I have sinned
But look at all this money that I spend
And look at all this jewlery that I'm in
And look at all the places that I've been
And look at all the women in those brims
Look at the blue flames that I'm in
I look at all the bullshit that theres been
And if I had another chance I'd do it again
[verse 2]
the kid move you know the hammers'll be with me
Pokin out the shirt like a Pamela Lee titty
I went on tour brought the samples of D wit me
Came back a month later bought a Lambo for three-fifty
Think I throw you grams if you read with me
Just because you see me on the camera with P. Diddy
Dammit we P-driddy?? Now I got G with me
Along with the third leg that I be rammin in these bitties
I keep the revolver you hope my gun'll jam
But with the scope its gonna blam
The infra put freckles on your face like Opie
Thats why I'm watched by the Feds and scoped by Uncle Sam
Dope and hunn-ed (hundred) grams rope and hunn-ed grams
At the same time an artist get to open Summer Jam
Hope you understand or use better sense
These niggas dont want no beef they want lawsuit settlements Nigga!
[hook]
[verse 3]
I'm in a waggy when I'm passin by ya
With a baby girl who suck harder than Maggie on a pacifier
What I'm smokin'll have you aggie as your last supplier
When you can smell it through the baggie you know that's some fire
Gettin stressed by these hotties is regular
I got a magazine to press to your body like editors
Test me somebody I'm beggin ya
I got the gatling gun like Jesse The Body in
I'm a hustler I dont sling no rocks to the fiends now
Got dudes who sit on corners like a boxer between rounds
Any other dude who dish rocks want beef
Cause I chop dimes bigger than Chris Rock front teeth
I'm the nigga tearin the walls up in your miss in exchange for a small cup
Of the Cris
And while you at probation fillin a small cup full of piss
I'm in a coupe with a roof that ball up like a fist (Catch up!)

[produced by kanye west and brian miller]
[intro: cam'ron & kanye west]
Ugh, Killa!
Baby!
Kanye, this that 1970s Heron flow, huh?
Yeah, let's speed it up
Ugh, I'm back in, ugh, ugh
They don't know we finna kill the game this year
Killa! 'Ye! C'mon!
[verse 1: cam'ron]
Ayo, street mergers, I legislated; the nerve, I never hated
On murders, premeditated-absurd! I hesitated
: cock and spray, hit you from a block away
sake on a Suzuki; we in Osaka Bay
soccer, stupid, stay in a sucker's place
Pluck your ace, take your girl, fuck her face
She dealing with Killa, so you love her taste
She swallowing Killa 'cause she love the taste
I got brought up with crooking, kitchen orders that I'm cooking
But got caught up with the juxes
You would've thought I was from
It gets boring just looking
Did like Bill Cosby, pouring in the pudding
Now, the dashboard is wooden from a hard-tangled grammar
, inferior; Star- Banner
Car game bananas, mob manning tanners
Guns everywhere, like the car came with hammers, he's back
[chorus: kanye west & (syleena johnson)]
They trying to say he (I'm down, down)
I hear niggas saying he (I'm down, but not out)
But our flow is the truest (Oh), the game's in the nooses (No no)
Our girls is the models (Oh), they coochies the juiciest (Ooooh)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, down)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, but not out)
'Cause I'm back on my grind (Oh), money back on my mind (No no)
Ye and Killa Cam, the world is mine (Oooh)
[verse 2: cam'ron]
I treat bitches straight up, like Simon Says
Open vagina; put your legs behind your head
Cop me Air Ones, hon, lime and red
You got pets? Me too: mines are dead, doggy
Fox, minks, gators, that's necessary
, my closet's Pet
I get approached by animal activists
I live in a zoo, I run scandals with savages
All my niggas get together to gather loot
for what? Dog, I'd rather shoot
I go to war, old Timbs, battered boots
Hand grenade, goggles and a parachute
Y'all don't even know the name of my flip
It was "Touch Me, Tease Me" when Case was the shit
You don't know bout the cases I get:
Court case, briefcase, suitcase, cases of Cris', oww!
[chorus: kanye west & (syleena johnson)]
They trying to say he (I'm down, down)
I hear niggas saying he (I'm down, but not out)
But our flow is the truest (Oh), the game's in the nooses (No no)
Our girls is the models (Oh), they coochies the juiciest (Ooooh)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, down)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, but not out)
'Cause I'm back on my grind (Oh), money back on my mind (No no)
Ye and Killa Cam, the world is mine (Oooh)
[verse 3: cam'ron]
Ugh, Killa, yo, yo, ayo-
You dealing with some sure shit, my bitches pure thick
Play razor tag, slice your face, you're it!
It's I who come by, drive-thru
Gator-toed Mauri, three quarters, sky-blue
Look at mami: eyes blue, 5'2''
I approached her-"Hi, boo, how you?
Pony skin Louie? Oh, you fly too
You a stewardess? Good, ma-I fly too"
Now, a nigga got baking to bake
Harlem shake? Nah, I'm in Harlem shaking the weight
to bake, shaking the Jakes
Kill you, shoot the funeral up and Harlem Shake at your wake
Just your picture, though; you still taped in a lake
I'm laughing; you couldn't wait to escape
For anyone who owed the dough, I had to load the four
I hope a nigga heard when I said "I told you so"
Ugh, Killa!
[chorus: kanye west & (syleena johnson)]
[outro: cam'ron]
Mine! Killa!
You already know Harlem
Whole , , St. Louis
, of course
, holla at me
, wild hundreds
You know what it is, Ohio
, holla at your boy
You know what else I do:
Dayton, , ,

[intro]
So they ask me
"Young boy
What you gon' do the second time around?
How you gon' come back?"
I tried told 'em
"I come back like 32
I jump back like 33"
Ugh, hit me
That's nothing
This is Tha Carter II, people
This is Tha Carter II, people
Hey
[verse]
They call me Mr. Carter, I kissed the daughter
Of the dead's forehead, I killed the father
the heart of a mildew hater
I will put them body on chill like glaciers, gracias
I'm crazy, yes, it's obvious
Going against me is atheist
I got my angels on my shoulder and a quarter of that angel dust
I ain't sniffing, I'm just pitching, your honor
I ain't snitching, your honor
Hate bitch niggas, bitches with power
Vacate when that kitchen get hotter
I just sit on the counter
Open the cabinet, close the cupboard
Put that jar in the skillet, drop a four in the bubbles
I remember being young, tryna hustle my dope
Tryna tell the old junkies that my crack ain't soap
Tryna tell you 'fore you jump that my MAC ain't broke
You ain't tryna see how far that black back lane go, no
Call me Pac-Man, your ghost is blue
I got my Red River rubies and my ocean blue jewelry
I'm a hooligan for the money
Yeah, I'm eating, but I got a tapeworm in my tummy, oh
Make harm and I bomb you in public
Hit you with the straight-arm, no warning, nothing
Look, it's morning, no yawning or nothing
I ain't sleeping, I'm up tryna take a nigga lunch
You gon' make a nigga break a nigga fronts
Then shake a nigga shorts and we taking what we want
I'm so 504, you got to kill me here
If you ever looking for me, bitch, I will be here
Cash Money is an army, Navy Seal me here
Lot of niggas ran from me, but I still be here
No chrome on the , I'm so fundamental
Crack the Phil', crack the roof, and roll up the windows
And my hood love me, they tell me bring it home
That's why I holler on each and every song
You leaping at a dog, a dog with no bark
Just a bite like an old shark
And all you rich niggas know Pa, I'm talking 'bout Stunna
He like, "Keep your dough," he got your ho
And the sun shines on the king and sets on the prince
I met the and I been shining ever since, like that

[intro: lil wayne]
Haha
Uh-huh
No homo (Young Mula, baby!)
I say, he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
Remix, baby!
[verse 1: kanye west]
, lollipop, breastses just like Dolly Parton
She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top
That hit the spot
'Til she ask, "How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take" 'til she get to shop?
Don't worry why my wrists got so freeze
Tell a girl, "Like , that's not 'cho cheese"
Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm tryin' to lay"
I can't only have one, and I ain't trying to wait
This a song with Wayne, so you know it's gon' melt
But you ain't finna murder me like everybody else
I'ma rap like I got some type respect for myself
I don't do it for my health, man, I do it for the belt
Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt
degrees, drop the roof, so the coupe don't melt
Man, the flow so cold, chicken soup won't help
We need four more hoes, we need oh, oh, oh!
You know what it is when we out of town
We balling too serious, and you out of bounds
So come here, baby girl
You're now fucking with the best in the world
[break: kanye west & static major]
The best in the world
Sh-Sh-She lick me like a lollipop
World, world
She- She lick me like a lollipop
[chorus: static major, lil wayne, & both]
Shawty want a thug, thug, thug
in the club, club, club ( in the club)
Shawty wanna hump (Shawty wanna)
You know I like to touch (Shawty wanna)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Shawty wanna)
Shawty want a thug (I like that)
in the club (Hey, I like that)
Shawty wanna hump (I like that, haha!)
You know I like to touch your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps
[verse 2: lil wayne]
Shawty say she wanna lick the wrapper
And she gonna lick the rapper
And I just wanna act like a porno-flicking actor
I Anita-bake her; now, she caught up in that ""
I got so much chips, I swear, they call me " "
I got so much chips, you can have a bag if you're a snacker
Greedy mother-fudge cake; now, tell me how that fudge tastes
I do it for Bloods' sake-soo-woo!
Think it's voodoo how that roof do di-di-dissipate
Your girl want to participate
She so, so sophisticate, 'cause her brain is off the chain
And then, my diamonds are in the choir because they sing from off my chain
And my Nina just joined the gang because all she do is bang
Like Ricky Martin; Wayne and Kanye: pick your poison
If that woman wanna cut, then tell her I am Mr.
Tell her to make an appointment with Mr. I-Can't-Make-An-
Take my lollipop and enjoy it-remix!
[chorus: static major, lil wayne, & both]
Shawty want a thug, thug, thug (Shawty want a thug, yeah!)
in the club, club, club ( in the club, yeah!)
Shawty wanna hump (Yeah! Shawty wanna)
You know I like to touch (Yeah! Shawty wanna)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Shawty wanna)
Shawty want a thug (I like that)
in the club (Hey, I like that)
Shawty wanna hump (I like that, haha!)
You know I like to touch your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps
[verse 3: lil wayne]
Why would she? She probably be the odd cookie
In the plastic bag 'bout to get crushed by a building
I've flushed out the feeling of me being the shit
'Cause I was leaving skid marks on everywhere I sit
I am everywhere, I'm it, like Hide-and-Go
And I can go anywhere: eeny, mini, miney, mo
I'm in your neighborhood, area, CD-thing, tapedeck
iPod, your girlfriend, and she say I got great sex
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex
'Cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text
Haha! So wrap it up!
Bu-Bu-But he's so sweet, sh-she wanna lick the wrapper
[chorus: static major & lil wayne]
Shawty want a thug
in the club, club, club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Re-Re-Re-Remix, baby!)
[outro: static major]
Lick me like a lollipop ()
She- She lick me like a lollipop (L-)
Sh-Sh-Sh-She lick me like a lollipop ()
She- She lick me like a lollipop ()

[intro: pusha t]
No, no, no!
I told you, I lived this shit
I ain't up here just rappin' and tappin'
' and skittin' and shit
Naw, uh-uh, not me
I'm not you, I'm not you, rapper
I'm not you, Pusha
[verse 1: pusha t]
I keep that ziploc bustin at the stitches
chemist, I serve the malicious
To break the fiends fixes, one give you the sniffles
The other leave you with the itches
airport with the
So I can fulfill my dreams of pastures that's green
More cash then ya seen, with an Aston that's green
Me driving up fast with the lean
Zonin' family, keep youngins in them rented Camrys
Door panels full of shit and I ain't full of shit
ass, God forbid they don't crash
From the panel to the dash, it's four pounds of slab
Nah bitch, we don't believe in air bags
Cars turn tricks like them skits
bitch hop out, or the Glock pop out
Ya know what I'm about, blow clear ya sinus 'til the snot drop out
[verse 2: jadakiss]
said birds fly south for the winter's a damn lie
Got 'em right here, and if I don't like you, the grams hide
Take it or leave it, soon as a fiend taste it they need it
Make 'em smoke it right in front of you to make you believe it
Prolly think I won't murder you the way I smile
But I'ma take a lot of shots, A.I. style
And Jada, the name is filthy, but so what?
The motherfuckin game is filthy, you know what?
My mom and my pops really did a good job
But it was the and the 'caine that built me
So I could never hate on another brother
God is great, the devil is a motherfucker
When you broke but they think you got money
start showin you love, your own people act funny
I tear niggas heads off, I don't discriminate
Waves, cornrows or dreads, I will eliminate
[verse 3: roscoe p. coldchain]
I'm far from a noodle nigga, I stab up block reps
And turn quiet streets into hot sets
Nigga, that's funny, you say you a killer, how?
What is it, the return of the killer clowns?
Akhi, you put no fear in my heart
I make ya people say, "Wow, that didn't look like my man"
They flipped him upside down, the coroner did what he can
He got hit with ten rounds at point blank and point blank
left that nigga stankin
Half static and face, I got the wrinkling, slugs all in it
I had my eyes on his mink and, I didn't give em a chance to blink
When I jogged up on em, pressed the 40 up on him shocked 'em
Made his head stand on end and like a baby, I rocked 'em
The coffin the cradle, you can't bite the hand that made you
That's the beginning of the end, and you a thug that pretends
Call "Super Nigga," I got X-Ray vision, I see through men
And squeeze triggers with bullets that go through men
[verse 4: styles p]
Fuck with S.P., that's ya date with death
Got bullets that'll break ya chest
No sleep like I hate to rest
I'm in the hood like its my fate to rep
I hold it down, any place I step
And I love getting slept on
Cause I'm rawer than dope, fresh out of Africa that never been stepped on
Dawg, I'ma clap at you the minute that you rep wrong
, the Ghost the main reason why your set gone
Why I love riffing 'em poor?
You wouldn't understand, cause my God is different than yours
If the world spin in a circle, I want to learn to move backwards
Kill niggas the first minute they jerk you
What you keep the toaster for? through the hood and
Shit ain't really good but I'm deeper than the ocean floor
Higher than a plane and meaner than a bull
I want ya insides out so I mean it when I pull
[verse 5: malice]
is talking to me as if (come on)
We in the same boat I tell them quick, "No, I move coke" (uh-uh)
And you and I don't share no common bond
So forgive me if I don't receive you with open arms (No)
It shames me to no end
To feed poison to those who could very well be my kin (uh-huh)
But where there's demand, someone will supply
So I feed them their needs, at the same time, cry
Yes, it pains me to see them need this
All of them lost souls and I'm their Jesus
regret and sympathy to the streets
I seen them pay for they fix when they kids couldn't eat (so sorry)
And with this in mind, I still didn't quit
And that's how I know that I ain't shit (I ain't shit)
My heart bleed but that's aside from the fact
I live for my kids and theirs and them youngins after that

[verse 1: cam'ron]
Killa, Dipset
Man I spit that pimp talk, you hang out where the pimps collide
It's a pimp in my ride, no need to pimp the ride
This ain't the pimp camp: pimp limp, pimp stance
Pimp-slap a slim tramp, order steak, shrimp scamp
Ok-k-kay, you g-g-gay
I'll souffle ya toupee and bottles be a bouquet
Right where you stay, or where you stayed
That .45 trey deuce spade sprayed, you stayed
Unload the click-clack to ya fit cap
Hold the shit back, say goodbye and go commit that
For 9 years in Spain had the time share
Back to Times Square...I got dimes here
By the Port , but I got more authority
Your girl she ordered Mauri, checks she forge 'em for me
report me how she report to the orgy
But it's more to the story: her daughter applaud me
[chorus: nicole wray & cam'ron]
We in a zone, our soldiers like to stand by
Never alone we 'bout to make the drums cry
Dipset, Dipset, Dipset
We hold our own, don't think you can move us or push us
We step to the side, that's why I call this family ties
Dipset, Dipset, Dipset
[verse 2: cam'ron]
Killa! Uhh
From the back of the cop-ride
To black-on-black, black when we cop rides
I will not hide, "hi ma, hot thighs"
Dick on her nose...now she's cock-eyed
From whippin' the bacon rolls to outside whippin' the bacon Rolls
Sanaa Lathan knows, I'm rakin' but makin' dough
80 holes in your shirt, there: your own clothes
I ain't talkin' the , I'm talkin' the Aspens, to slopes we go
You get the "okey doke", play me, baby I hope he know
We break noses, call him baby
(Fuckin' liar), I hold him with blue mittens
2 pigeons, "what the fuck are you pitchin'?"
1 house, 2 kitchens...who's bitchin'?
I bring the diesel, won't see the Fu-
(And I don't trust a hoe)
That's mother to baby-mother
, you look like a lady-lover
I'll touch slap her, dap her, plus clap her
Tell her drink, come get drunk, it's nut cracker
And it's well known that Rell home
Yup, hit E.T up on the cell phone
As your family dies, and my family rise
Call the network, Dipset, Family Ties (Killa)
[chorus: nicole wray & cam'ron]
We in a zone, our soldiers like to stand by
Never alone we 'bout to make the drums cry
We hold our own, don't think you can move us or push us
We step to the side, that's why I call this family ties
[verse 3: cam'ron]
They see me in that lavender tank, you'd rather just faint
I was Fort Laudi, you was Saint Latter-Day Saints
Whips get lathered in paint
Rap with the rappers, scrap with the actors, cap back: abracadabra
And I'm appalled think that we at all comfortable
Me in Mauris, these rappers all
They mother's a lawyer, they father's a doctor
coke to the coppers, Glocks in the locker and
Who you supposed to be? Get hung from the rosaries
Call me "C.O.D." - that's coke and them Os of D
Some OD'ed, B off them Os of D
I ain't give a fuck as long as they ain't close to me
Put ya drugs in the air, give a toast to me
Pump that Dip in ya veins, get dope like me
Fuck Kerry and Bush, you should vote for me
For real, nigga, on the real the last hope is me
[chorus: nicole wray & cam'ron]

[verse 1]
Ay yo you wonder who I are
I guzzle up at the bar
But you see me in the cars that start with the double R
Range Rover, Rolls Royce, even got a Rocky Rolly
See more ice than a hockey goalie
Baby eating guacamole
I did without
Now I live it out
Cars? got to whip it out
Every year I get it out
(Why?) I be long gone
(Where?) probably Hong Kong
Girls with their thong on
I'm playing Don Juan
Where the chron, ma?
"You smoke weed?" "What you think, girl? Uh-huh!"
Start the car up
Take her on a long ride
Yo she think my steering wheel on the wrong side
No I'm sorry
This is the
Limon like
Rock with safari
But la di da di
We like to party
And every night, believe, we gon' leave with somebody
[hook]
We was rockin' and rollin'
Now we rollin' and smokin'
On the phone and we chokin'
While you strollin' and hopin'
For the tone which you spoke in
And I know that you're open
Live a life and a brand new 5
Hot man, God damn, Killa Cam be live
[verse 2]
Ay yo come on, girlfriend I ain't no actor, really
So when you come around here don't be acting silly
Askin "did he?"
Come on I got the baddest biddies
Ass is pretty
Like hoes down in Magic City
Now you smoke hoes and the coco
Niggas say I'm loco
Cause I'm low low from the po-po
Every night I stroke hoes
No-no for homos
F doing promos
I was Def already I just added the So-So
we at
Ready to act
Better be strapped
I live the life of Riley
Teddy or Pat
And when it come to the cash
Bet I'm heavy with that
If your man want to bet
Then I bet he be cracked
And your little girlfriend
She was wet off the bat
From the Chevy tonight;
Yo, I'll bet she be back
For the one night stand
Yeah, the sex in the sack
Yo I ask her if she miss it
Then I tell her to kiss it
Come on
[hook]
[verse 3]
Ay yo your girl around me? That's like sand to a beach
Or a gram to a ki or a branch to a tree
Your money? That's my advance to a G
And you'll see me and Lance to the B
Yeah acting wild
Jimmy back me, child
How long you think an ounce gonna last me now?
But I love when hoes call me
"The Cat's Meow"
Cause I run up in them and I make their cats meow
Are you hip to the jive?
How we get to the thighs?
Half of my game? Yo, that shit be a lie
But it's true about Duke from the hoop to the 5
And I'm right behind him in a coupe that we drive
Baby am I slick
Oh your friends are sick
To see me and my chicks in DKNY kicks
And my clique
Yo we get the dank and bounce
And put another half a mil in my bank account

[chorus: jaheim]
Now Lord you know, just how hard I try
To live my life and get it right
Trying to see some light or even better
Way over way a new day, someday
was filled with sorrow but tomorrow
It gets better I know, tell you, I know
[verse 1: cam'ron]
With my muscle you'll be dazzled, but hustlin's a hassle
, , capsules of Paxil
Cops wanna cuff you, niggas wanna clap you
might burn you; they runnin' with that clap too
But the monster made it
Do it for those incarcerated, who had it confiscated
Hate it when they take powder
he take showers
Baby moms on for 8 hours
See her man face-to-face through the glass
On the phone. 10 years he got, chasin' that cash
, he had that game in a smash
Felt like the Towers when the planes went on crash
It wasn't 9-11, but it was 9-1-1
Gave him 9 plus 1, dropped a dime on dun
I told him get his 9 and run
Turned himself in, I had to find that dumb
[chorus: jaheim]
Now Lord you know, just how hard I try
To live my life and get it right
Trying to see some light or even better
Way over way a new day, someday
was filled with sorrow but tomorrow
It gets better I know, tell you, I know
[verse 2: cam'ron]
Ayo, them niggas from the three two, said I can't breeze through
The 40 if I cop bottles, we can't believe you
Me who? Please boo, landin' in that G2
Same color as beef stew, favorite letters: GQ
That's me, true, peach/blue, Hebrew
Lawyer on my side keep me out of jail the fees stew, steep? Woo!
But it might lead to that R2D2, the mobsters creep through
We the new PE, shittin, pee-ew
To the hood: y'all don't need me, I need you
'Cause my mission's insane, you couldn't vision the pain
Always a snitch in the game, what you want: prison or fame?
Either one, dun, long as my digits the same
He lookin' frigid, dig it, make sure them digits get changed
'Cause I can't be in Hell's cell, shout out to Mel Mel
Cash and Hell Rell, Zeek doin' 3, he even fell, hell
He comin' home on '07 and 12 cells
'Cause you must have known, I can't trust the phones
For the dough you'll be like Doe, stuck at home
[chorus: jaheim]
[verse 3: cam'ron]
dog, they raid up in the ballparks
Blaze 'em when they cross sharks
We raiders of the lost ark
I'm like a ballplayer, shake up and cross narcs
They get mad when I lay up in the Box
More props, R.I.P. my poor pops
Can't see his son shine like the Four Tops
My antennas will block the scanners
I got blammers, you'll drop your hammers
to watch lawyers, cameras to watch cameras
Niggas to watch bitches, Nana to watch
In pajamas I snuck out to watch Santa
Now look at Killa, you gon' watch
[chorus: jaheim]
[verse 4: juelz santana]
Now I was born by the river in a little tent
Little gate, little fence - I climbed over
Little scrapes, little dents - I got over
That was just the beginning it's not over
It's been a long time comin' Cam
It's been a long time riding and a long time running, man
Shit done changed since The Wop and The Man
Since Nino, Gee Money, The Carter, and the Duh-Duh Man
It's no longer a New Jack City
It's "cop fast and move that quickly" or cops crash
Spent a long time coming up this road
And I ain't talking rap, man, I'm coming up this road
I'm talking crack, man and coming up with O's
I'm coming up with halves and coming up with wholes
Shit got hectic had to come up with my hoes
They would boof it and go, I receive it move it and roll
I was comin' from the Q, Zeek was comin' from the O
Jim chose to give his work to smash in dough
We was all on the paper-run
Yeah, waiting for a change to come
Now look: the change has come
The 7-Pick Up, Yukon, the Range is come
The day has come, Dipset remains the ones
Most hated by you other motherfuckers
In this game, we remain, it's a shame cuz

[intro]
Yeah
Money on my mind, money on my mind (Yeah)
Money on my mind, money-money on my mind (Yeah)
Money on my mind, money on my mind (That's right)
Money-money on my mind
So money is all I think of (That's right)
Money on my mind, money on my mind (Bitch)
Money on my mind, m-m-m-money on my mind (You know)
M-m-m-money on my mind (Bitch)
Money-money on my mind (Bitch)
Money-money on my mind
So money is all I think of (Ayy)
Yeah
[verse 1]
out the motherfuckin' car, they in awe (Yeah)
I'm looking like a star, bitch, when you see me, make a wish
Holler at your motherfuckin' boy, JR (Brr)
my pa, bitch, ball bred, born rich (Yeah)
Dear Mr. Toilet, I'm the shit
Got these other haters pissed 'cause my toilet paper thick
I know
But trip and that 40 make a chip out a potato-head wimp
Then like ranch, I dip (Gone)
And the hustle is all muscle, just strength
When it comes to that weight, I don't struggle, I just lift (One, two)
I got my hand on the game, yeah, I make a grip (Yeah)
grand in my fist, same on my wrist
Get key money from a quarter, blame it on my wrist (Haha)
I whip coke like hoes, nigga, I'm a pimp (Yeah)
Lil nigga 'bout to rape the market
If we talking 'bout money, baby, now we talkin'
[chorus]
Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches (Yeah)
Get money, get money, get money (Bitch), yeah
Get money, fuck bitches
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck bitches, get money
[verse 2]
Nigga get it in a slumber if you know how (Uh)
In the heart of the summer, we need a snowplow
What you know 'bout that? Baby, it's your time
Coke transactions on the phone, we call it blowjobs (Yeah)
Too fast for the feds, too cocky for the cops
Had to ditch my old bitch, gettin' sloppy with the pots (Bitch)
Hoppin' off the boat, meetin' papi at the docks (What up?)
He tell me I'm gainin' weight, I tell him I'm gettin' paid (Yeah)
Money over bitches, I'm yelling it to the grave
at a young age (What?), go after what pays (Yeah)
These sunshades block the sun rays (Bitch)
I drop a car note in the mall on the first date (Damn)
I gotta get it even if it's in the worst way (Yeah)
That cake, like it's, it's my birthday
New my birthplace, you heard me?
Where money's more important than a person, nigga
[chorus]
Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
Get money, get money, get money (Bitch), yeah
Get money, fuck bitches
[verse 3]
up a blunt, thinking 'bout my next dollar (Okay)
I'm digging in the game, tryna get some money out her (Okay)
I'm so vain, it's a problem (Yeah)
There ain't a stain on these Pradas (Uh-uh)
I'm just bein' modest (Yeah)
Got me a goddess, show her how to divide it (Bitch)
She still down and she don't get none of the profit (Yeah)
Wheel 'round the city, let the tints hide me
That's a cold motherfucker, whoever inside it (Yeah)
symbolizin' the grind, it don't walk to you
I make it run like horses do (Uh)
Giddy up, baby, if he got it, then hit him up, baby (Yeah)
I know it's crazy, but I can't get enough, baby (Yeah)
I love it, I fuckin' love it
I'm a self-made millionaire, fuck the public (Hah)
Ridin' to myself, 'cause I don't fuck with nothin'
Pistol on my lap on the way to the money
[chorus]
Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
Get money, get money, get money, yeah

[verse 1]
You ain't never seen a nigga this large
the house, the nigga's garage is as big as the projs
I move from city to city like a nigga at large
Smooth as Billy D, but it's Jigga's da bars
Like you really gon' get me
You look hard, but on the inside you softer than a silicon titty
The chilla's wrong with me
You can look at the kid and see just how them gonna fit me
I strut through like I conceal a chrome with me
bulgin like I got some millions with me
Any bitch that chill or jones with me
End up butt ass naked inside a Villa home with me
I got a ziplock the killer grown with me
A hit of this Bobby 'll let me feel up on
Justin will cry rivers like he feel I boned
I really don't get me, I really won't get me
[hook]
I think y'all know by now that I ain't nothin' to be fucked with
I think y'all know by now that I don't care 'bout who you fuck with
I think hoes know by now that I'm that nigga they should bump with
I think y'all know by now it's F-A-B-O-L-O-U-S
[verse 2]
I'm often asked, HEY, ain't you that guy
There's no one else from head to ankle that fly
Who put slugs point blank through that guy
And there's nothin' that these dudes ain't do that I, can't do at my
convenience, your girlie ain't been seen since
The feature with Lil' Mo, over 2 million people, I've reached with my little flow
They said sounded like the kid's speech was a little slow (uh huh, uh huh)
I think they was reachin' a little though
But now they callin' just to get a feature so it'll blow
I'm teachin' my little bro
To stay on the grind and away from the leeches and little hoes
I use the Black Star Power on broads
Even devil worshippers gotta bow to the God
I know all you cowards, it's hard
Your career's dead so I send flowers and cards
regards, nigga
[hook]
I think y'all know by now that I ain't nothin' to be fucked with
I think y'all know by now that I don't care 'bout who you fuck with
I think hoes know by now that I'm that nigga they should bump with
I think y'all know by now it's F-A-B-O-L-O-U-S
[outro]
Uh, uh, nigga
I think they know by now
Who the fuck I be
Uh, yeah, but um
I'm with that S-T-R-E-E-T-F-A-M-I-L-Y
Uh, for all you non-spelling motherfuckers, Street Family
Yeah, uh,
Uh, Fuck up, word to
Ha Ha!

[produced by dj premier]
[hook samples: snoop dogg + prodigy]
"Dear God - I wonder, can you save me?"
" want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God - I wonder, can you save me?"
"Secret society, tryna keep they eye on me"
" want my mind, soul and my body"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"
[verse 1]
This shit is wicked on these mean streets
None of my friends speak, we're all tryna win
But then again, maybe it's for the best though
'Cause when they're sayin' too much
You know they're tryna get you touched
said illegal was the easy way out
Couldn't understand the mechanics
And the workings of the underworld, granted
Nine-to-five is how you survive, I ain't tryna survive
I'm tryna live it to the limit and love it a lot
Life ills poisoned my body, I used to say fuck mic skills
I never prayed to God, I prayed to Gotti
That's right, it's wicked - that's life, I live it
Ain't askin' for forgiveness for my sins, ends
I break bread with the late heads
Pickin' their brains for angles on all the evils that the game'll do
It gets dangerous, money and power is changin' us
And now we're lethal, infected with D'evils
[hook samples: snoop dogg + prodigy]
"Secret society, tryna keep they eye on me"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"
[verse 2]
We used to fight for building blocks
Now we fight for blocks with buildings that make a killin'
The closest of friends when we first started
But grew apart as the money grew and soon grew black-hearted
' back when we first learned to use rubbers
He never learned, so in turn I'm kidnappin' his baby's mother
My hand around her collar, feedin' her cheese
She said the taste of dollars was shitty, so I fed her fifties
About his whereabouts I wasn't convinced
I kept feedin' her money 'til her shit started to make sense
Who could ever foresee?
We used to stay up all night at slumber parties
Now I'm tryna rock his bitch to sleep
All the years we were real close
Now I see his fears through her tears
Know she's wishin' we were still close
Don't cry, it is to be; in time
I'll take away your miseries and make it mine, D'evils
[hook samples: snoop dogg + prodigy]
[verse 3]
My flesh no nigga could test, my soul is possessed
By D'evils in the form of diamonds and
The got me doin' sticks
Like, "Homie, you don't know me
But the whole world owe me, strip!"
Was thought to be a pleasant guy all my fuckin' life
So now I'm down for whatever, ain't nothin' nice
my junior high years it was all friendly
But now this higher learning got the Remy in me
Liquor's invaded my kidneys
Got me ready to lick off - Momma, forgive me
I can't be held accountable, D'evils beatin' me down, boo
Got me runnin' with guys, makin' G's, tellin' lies that sound true
Come test me, I never cower
For the love of money, son, I'm givin' lead showers
Stop screamin', you know the demon said it's best to die
And even if witness, bet he'll never testify, D'evils
[hook samples: snoop dogg]

[produced by just blaze]
[intro: gloria carter]
[verse 1: jay-z]
They say "They never really miss you 'til you dead or you gone."
So on that note, I'm leavin' after this song
So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay, so long
But at least let me tell you why I'm this way, hold on
I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adnis Reeves
Who made love under the sycamore tree
Which makes me a more sicker MC, and my momma would claim
At 10 pounds, when I was born, I didn't give her no pain
through the years I gave her her fair share
I gave her her first real scare, I made up for birth when I got here
She knows my purpose wasn't purpose; I ain't perfect, I care
But I feel worthless 'cause my shirts wasn't matchin' my gear
Now I'm just scratchin' the surface 'cause what's buried under there
Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
I went to school, got good grades, could behave when I wanted
But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
Hold on
[interlude: gloria carter]
[verse 2: jay-z]
Now, all the teachers couldn't reach me
And my momma couldn't beat me
Hard enough to match the pain of my pop not seein' me
So, with that disdain in my membrane
Got on my pimp game; fuck the world, my defense came
Then introduced me to the game
Jose introduced me to 'caine, I'm a hustler now
My gear is in and I'm in the in-crowd
And all the wavy light-skinned girls is lovin' me now
My self-esteem went through the roof, man, I got my swag
Got a Volvo from this girl when her man got bagged
Plus I hit my momma with cash from a show that I had
, knowin' nobody paid Jaz wack-ass
I'm gettin' ahead of myself; by the way, I could rap
But that came second to me movin' this crack
"Gimme a second, I swear," I would say about my rap career
'Til '96 came, niggas, I'm here; goodbye!
[interlude: gloria carter]
[verse 3: jay-z]
to the game, all the spoils, the adrenaline rush
Your blood boils you in the spot, knowin' cops could rush
And you in a drop, you're so easy to touch
No two days are alike except the first and fifteenth, pretty much
And "trust" is a word you seldom hear from us
, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up
And the drought will define a man when the well dries up
You learn the worth of water without work
You thirst 'til you die, yup!
And niggas get tied up for product
And little brothers' ring fingers get cut up
To show mothers they really got 'em
And this was the stress I lived with
'Til I decided to try this rap shit for a livin', I pray I'm forgiven
For every bad decision I made, every sister I played
'Cause I'm still paranoid to this day
And it's nobody fault, I made the decisions I made
This is the life I chose, or rather, the life that chose me
[outro: jay-z]
If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
Now if you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade...

[verse 1]
Yo, fuck all the glamours and glitz, I plan to get rich
I'm from New York and never was a fan of the Knicks
And I'm all about expanding my chips
You mad 'cause I was in the van with your bitch
With both hands on her tits
hold the throne, that you know in your heart
I got style plus the way that I be flowing is sharp
A while back, I used to hustle, selling blow in the park
G stacks and rocking ice that glow in the dark
hottie hunting
temper, I'm quick to body something
You looking at me like I'm probably fronting
I fuck around and throw three in your chest and flee to my rest
I'm older and smarter, this is me at my best
I stopped hanging around y'all
'Cause niggas like you be praying on my downfall
Hoping I flop, hoping I stop
You probably even hope I get locked
Or be on the street corner with a pipe, smoking the rock
I got more riches than you, fuck more bitches than you
Only thing I haven't got is more stitches than you
punk, you ain't a leader, what? Nobody followed you
You was never shit, your mother should've swallowed you
You on some tag-along, flunky yes-man shit
Do me a favor; please get off the next man dick
And if you think I can't fuck with whoever, put your money up
Put your jewels up, no, fuck it, put your honey up
Put your raggedy house up, nigga, or shut your mouth up
Before I buck lead and make a lot of blood shed
Turn your tux red, I'm far from broke, got enough bread
And mad hoes, ask Beavis, I get nothing
My game is vicious and cruel, fucking chicks is a rule
If my girl think I'm loyal, then that bitch is a fool
How come? You can listen to my first album
And tell where a lot of niggas got they whole style from
So what you acting for?
You ain't half as raw, you need to practice more
tell this nigga something, 'fore I crack his jaw
You running with boys, I'm running with men
I'mma be ripping the mics until I'm a hundred and ten
Have y'all niggas like "Dammit, this nigga done done it again"
I throw slugs at idiots, no love for city cops
I sport a pretty watch, eight-hundred and fifty rocks
I'm making wonderful figures
I don't fuck with none of you niggas
I might pull out this gun on your niggas
And rob every last one of you niggas
[verse 2]
Aight, let me kick some more shit, one more time
(Yeah-yeah... Spit, some more) -
Aight, check it out, yeah, check it out
Yeah, check it out, yeah, check it out
Uhh, check it out, aight, check it out
Aight, we gone hit it like this, check it out
Yo, check it, yo, my shit is hot like jerk chicken
I should rob you, but with that cheap shit, you ain't worth stickin'
I've got a left hook that be leaving guys knocked out
Keep fronting and I'mma choke you till your eyes pop out
I was taught that if a nigga swing, swing right back
Battle , why do a stupid thing like that?
Yo, I'm not in the mood, son, so don't push me tonight
Plus I fucked your little sister and that pussy was right
That pussy was tight - gripping my dick like a pair of pliers
You fucking snitch; right now you prolly wearing wires
It's not a joke, so as soon as he laugh
I'mma strip him naked and stick a long broom in his ass
Leave him heart-broken, make him quit rap and start smoking
My album is done, so no, there ain't no parts open
I'm not a sweet stud, I'm a street thug
That's quick to beat a nigga like a cheap rug till he leak blood
You sure soft, watched you fall off, might slide your whore off
Then call all off, and tear your jaw off
My life is far out, I got star clout
Every week, bring a different car out
Go to clubs and buy the bar out
You ain't a player, put that cigar out
Take that suit off, before I shoot off, and tear your roof off
Leave your clothes bloody-red like the nose of
I rocked many stages and never got booed off
I might let this gat burst, put you in a big black hearse
For that wack verse, should have tried these other cats first
'Cause none of y'all niggas can fuck with me
And if your man wanna join, I got with me
We puff much izzy
I do shit that only tough men do
And them cats you with-fuck them too, I'll buck them too
Be careful what you rush into, you lame-ass nigga
No dough, always on the train-ass nigga
Canal Street, 10-karat-chain-ass nigga
You got fucked upstate, you cupcake
How many dicks can your butt take?
I ran through every bitch in my path
I was fucking chicks in the ass when I was six-and-a-half
Yo, I'mma take you out your misery
And after this, nigga
Put you in the social study book 'cause you're history

[intro: birdman]
Ayy-ayy, ayy, ayy
Tote 'em up, light it up, nigga (Tote 'em up, light it up, nigga, put it in the air, mo-)
(, motherfucker) , motherfucker, fucker
Clipse (Clipse), VA (VA)
NO, nigga (NO, nigga)
What you smell? (Money smell)
Coca leaf plants, boy (Coca leaf plants, bitch)
Coca leaf plants straight off the border, motherfucker
Ayy-ayy, yola, come on, little'un', handle your business for me, boy
[hook: pusha t, birdman, & malice]
(!) What happened to that boy? (Yeah)
(!) What happened to that boy?
(!) What happened to that boy?
He was talking shit, we put a clap into that boy
(!) What happened to that boy? (Whoa)
(!) What happened to that boy? (Yeah)
He was talking shit, we put a clap into that boy (Yeah)
[verse 1: malice]
I heard they snitching on a player; man, say it ain't so
Even as a young'un', they consigned me to blow
Which explains why I'm worth my weight in gold
While they was taking baby steps from an eighth to an O
Word in the streets that the envy is me
Enough ice on that watch to make a nigga lose sleep
face help the bitch see clearly
Nine on the waist, hit the bitch up severely
I'm known for the flip of that cocaina
I'm heavy in the street like the 7-Serie' Beemer, man
Hit 'em with the Nina, man
Or that four-fit', guaranteed to lean your man, whoa!
I'm the reason that your block is vacant
will hit you just to make a statement, bitch
Clipse and Cash Money-who ain't rich?
Don't compare me to you, nigga; you ain't this, whoa!
[hook: pusha t & birdman]
He was talking shit, we put a clap into that boy
(!) What happened to that boy? (Ayy)
(!) What happened to that boy? (Ayy-ayy, ayy-ayy, ayy-ayy)
He was talking shit, we put a clap into that boy (Ayy, ayy)
[verse 2: birdman]
Stunna and Patty Cake, the worldwide pusher (Let's get this money, nigga! Let's get this money!)
, nigga, leave the guns in the bushes
Been shitting up bricks, unload 'em to Gussy (Cuff 'em up, light 'em up, bitch)
Boss of the ghetto with the round-shape cookie
Shit one, throw one, nigga, flood the block
If I don't go to jail, nigga, birds gon' flock (Brrr! Brrr!)
Nigga sitting on the toilet, bitch, get off the pot!
The bird just landed so the hood gonna rock
New whips, big chips, the Prada-Gucci shit
Bought mami a fly Benz, the wide, skinny lips
She takes my flight, she holds my weight
While the Port was staked out from state to state
It ain't nothing to a baller, baby
Pay the cost, big money, heavyweight, , hood boss, baby
on my line, I'll show a little something
Make come out and the black crow'll touch you
[hook: pusha t & birdman]
(!) What happened to that boy? (Ayy)
[verse 3: pusha t]
Ugh! soul lost
Had to make his shirt match my oxblood-colored
Ugh! The rims match, of course
Blood hit his Timbs, it reminded me of them
, wrist on chiller
Gun in the same palm, a gorgeous killer
I put this on my Lord:
My niece was four when she felt chinchilla
I passed the chauffeur that shit
That made fiends rise from the dead like ""
, hustler
At night, still found time to kiss my mother
Live like I'm dreaming, kick my feet up
Gun poked my waist, remind me of my demon, so
Quit your yappin' before I get to clappin'
And have your body parts mix-and-matchin', fella
[hook: pusha t & birdman]
He was talking shit, we put a clap into that boy (Ayy, ayy)
[outro: birdman]
Ayy-ayy, ayy-ayy
There it is, nigga-there you have it (You know)
, Clipse, you under-smell?
VA (VA), you know?
Uptown nigga (Uptown, ride out)
We go anywhere with this bullshit ( with this bullshit)
We flip bricks, you under-smell? (, motherfucker)
Ayy, nigga, put this puzzle together
Ayy, , you did it this year, nigga (You did it, nigga)
pieces (Uh-huh), puzzles (Star Trak), hundred, you know
Let's get this money (Yeah, let's get the money, baby)
Hey nigga, I smell something! Coca leaf plants, bitch (Coca leaf plants, you under-smell? Let's get the money, biatch!)
Get money, motherfucker (Biatch!)
you want it, you can get it, pimp
From gangster to blood, nigga, take it how you want it, nigga
We get it how we live
Ain't nothin' but the thug thing, nigga
Money thing, motherfucker

[produced by timbaland]
[verse 1]
Yo, show closer, J-to-the-A-Y-Hovah
Place shutter down, who the fuck'll fuck around?
Game spitter, Range sitter, driver nigga
Keep a full clip, I have to empty out on niggas
Ho bagger, no slacker, get this shit jumping
Like eight blacks, four crackers, get your ass jumped
Cris' sipper, six dipper, wrist glitter nigga
Gat buster, ass toucher.. clit licker
Go against Jigga your ass is dense
I'm about a dollar, what the fuck is 50 Cents?
Hot shit, kick a nigga, turn these mics out
My jewelry so bright you can turn these lights out
Hova's like Noah keep two in the truck
I'm like U-Haul; every bitch moving I fuck
You move slut, I gotta put two in your butt
I'm everything: the when's, why's, who's, and what
Nigga what?
[chorus]
Hell no you can't stop it, when it's hot it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop
Hell no you can't stop it, when it's hot it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop
[verse 2]
myself from the lame, no you can't see me
Give my ladies dick, my young hoes pee-pee
Hits in a row like MJ; "Hee-hee!"
Since I was waist height, late night, busting in the clouds
wild, coming home late, cussing out my mouth
Niggas said, "Bryan leave your cousin in the house"
Every time we play the Dozen, he's bugging out
While y'all was playing yo-yo, I was sitting on low pros
the po-po, getting that dough-dough
No, no I ain't stupid I take loot kid
What's in the bank? Shoot it
Lose it like I ain't do it
You wanna play Jigga, nigga? What you drank, fluid?
Got a full tank, now you wanna pull rank?
I clap steel, act ill, Jigga shoot thee
Give you chest pains, leg sprains-absolutely! What!
[chorus]
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop, pop
[verse 3]
.38 revolve like the sun round the Earth
Try to play hard get you found 'round the dirt
Six shell casings found round your shirt
(Crying) In surround sound from the hearse
, trigger man, hit your man up
Six shots, hit the pole, hit the van up
Kidnap grown folks get them grands up
, hot shit, get them hands up
[chorus]
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop, pop

[chorus: cam'ron]
Ayo, fuck losing weight
I'm back on these highways moving cakes
Life's based upon what I'ma do today
Cop a car, new estate
Nah, fuck it get the beef and brocs: blue and gray
Baby due today
I got to move an eighth
Fuck the scrutiny
Y'all niggas screwing me
Killa never let the drama slide
Y'all gon' hear a nigga momma die
Yell out "homicide"
[verse 1: cam'ron]
Yo, 18 months? Please, that ain't facing time
I'm stressed anyway, need it for vacation time
I'ma do the right thing though, take shock anyway
6 months, right back on the damn block anyway
But look, money from across the street
Think it's sweet, think he get money across the street
Me and my peeps often meet
And 5-0 they work for us, walk the beat
Walk with heat 'cause talk is cheap
So dun stay silent
, automatics, guns stay silent
When it comes to beef it becomes a talent
me, ODB, I'm the one from , Killa
ten, shit get critical friend
I got 800 invisible men
That mean it could be the bank-man
Person at the gas station filling up your tank, fam
Lady at the frank stand'll
Rat poison your relish right in the center, babe
Bitch is a renegade, she'll piss in your lemonade!
And y'all dead now
That you can bet now
Do like a toaster put your bread down
Upset now, hate when I gotta rep, clowns, blow TEC rounds
In a collision, I see their ambition
But they don't know them days I was stooped up and pitching
Or all them hot summers I was cooped up in the kitchen
When it came to grams it was 90 I fried
350 on the stove and it's 90 outside
I'ma get this girl that be stuffing my bricks
Felt life cheated her, she be cutting her wrists
Her mom died, her-on overdose stuffed in her wrist
Father fucking her, older man fucking her sis
But love my music, say I do nothing but hits
She'll do anything for me, nothing but hits
'Cause when she needed help I got her nothing but fixed
Needed coke, needed dope, yeah, I gave her a fix
So she went across the street, gave him a kiss
Stuck her tongue out, flirted, played with his dick
"You know Cam?" He said, "yeah", "Don't play with his chips"
Stood back, blazed him with 6, amazing and shit
Huh, Killa, Killa, Dipset nigga
[chorus: juelz santana]
Yo, fuck losing weight
We back on these highways moving cakes
Life's based upon what I'ma do today
Take my moms, move away
Yeah, I think I'ma cop me that new estate
Baby due today
I got to move an eighth
Fuck the scrutiny
Y'all niggas screwing me
Juelz never let the cops get me
On the block 'til the shots hit me
Until the shots get me
[verse 2: juelz santana]
Niggas wanna know why I'm so nice
When it comes to spitting that fire, it's real dog, I live in the fire
Used to being in the streets homie, in the midst of the fire
Break work, put it in pots, sit it in fire
Quick to grab the fifth and just fire
Try to peel off, I'm hitting your tires
Hittin' your door while your car's spinning, hitting the wall
That's just the beginning of war
I let you know you dealing with dogs
My villains'll finish you off
Head in your chest, brain-
Dead on the Van Wyck expressway
While I got my hand in the TEC, wave
Niggas like "fuck, is he stupid?" (Yes I am)
Cops wanna cuff me, do it
You wanna be a hero, snuff me, do it, rush me, do it
Shit, like I ain't been through the scars and bruises
Like I ain't been through the bars, seen the sergeant troopers
Look at my body, I lost so much weight
Cops raiding my spot, I done lost so much weight
I'm telling Papi "front me a brick, let me owe that cake"
He telling me he ain't got but so much weight
He been waiting for his connection to come
I'm like "at least give me a half, I'll compress it and stretch it to one"
I'm on the block as usual
With that block that you chop and the rocks as usual
for the cops that's moving through
Me and my soldiers know the rules to use 'case we get bopped by the dudes in blue
We use cakes to get by, by the dudes in blue
Keep your mouth locked, screwed and glued
Or shots from the Ruger duke'll circle round your body like hula-hoops (woo!)
Mami told me son, hold your own
And one day you gon' grow to be a rolling stone
I believed her...
Juelz never let the cops get me
On the block 'til the shots hit me...
[chorus: cam'ron]
Ayo, fuck losing weight
I'm back on these highways moving cakes
Cop a car, new estate
Nah, fuck it get the beef and brocs: blue and gray
Killa never let the drama slide
Y'all gon' hear a nigga momma die
Yell out "homicide"
[chorus: juelz santana]
Yo, fuck losing weight
We back on these highways we moving cakes
Take my moms, move away
Yeah, I think I'ma cop me that new estate
Until the shots get me

[intro: jay-z, kid capri & both]
Yeah, uh-huh, watch this y'all
Uhh, watch this y'all
C'mon, Jigga, watch this y'all
C'mon, Roc-A-Fella y'all..
Huh! Watch this y'all
It's Kid Capri and Jay-Z, come on!
It's Jay-Z and Kid Capri, don't stop, huh-huh!
'Cause I'm like that y'all, yeah
I'm really like that
[verse 1: jay-z]
As a young'un, dumb and gun in the waist
Sold crack to those who couldn't take the pain
And had to numb it with base
Couldn't drink the Henny straight, I needed somethin to chase
I throw shots back, leavin' nothin' to waste
Life's like a treadmill, niggas runnin' in place
Gettin' nowhere fast, a whole year done past
I vowed to never stop winnin', 'til the earth stop spinnin'
Rock hot linen, cop hot cars and hot women
If it's not him then you got it confused, y'all not rememberin'
My motto is, simply "I will not lose!"
Abide by the block rules, I buy my Glocks used
With bodies on it, let me know anybody want it?
I'm raised, irrational, ways misunderstood
If you ain't live like I live, then one with the hood
I done what I could, to come up with this paper 'til this day still
Run with the hood, guess it's part of my nature
If hell awaits a, nigga I'm comin' with the razors
Still flashin' ya shit, try to pass me in a six
Type classy on the wrist, every bit of 30 karats
This is, not a game this is not why I came
May these words find a spot on your brain and burn
Then I recycle my life, I shall return
[chorus: liz leite (jay-z)]
How tight is your flow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
How right is your dough? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
How white is your blow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
Only, write what you know ('Cause I'm like that)
How tight is your flow? (Just like that yo)
How right is your dough? (Just like that, huh)
How white is your blow? (Uh huh, 'cause I'm like that)
Only, write what you know (Watch this, yeah, watch this yo)
[verse 2: jay-z]
I'm a hop skip and a jump from grippin' the pump
' a couple of curse words, and hittin' you chump
Shit, I get digits in lumps
I'm a motherfuckin' problem, is this what you want?
, I love chicks that puff cheeba in reefer paper
I hate the ones that blow up ya beeper
'Cause I, go in deeper, I only bone divas
the world when I come through your speakers (ha ha!)
Fuck hot, my records got the fever
Niggas kick dirt, get ya whole block sweeped up
I creep up when the beef heats up
Caught him with his feet up and shoes off, 'bout to snooze off
Hatin', 'cause you can't turn the booze off
You dudes is too soft, why I don't fuck with you all
I might bark at X, or spit at The LOX
But, other than that, I don't be fuckin' with cats
Just me, Ty and B-High, thug it like that
E, Dame and Biggs, what's fuckin' with that?
Y'all can never diss Jigga, get nothin' for that
Other than a couple of slugs in ya back (ha ha)
y'all, runnin' around like I won't gun ya down
Last nigga that fronted, two shots spun him around
Lord, accept this offerin' here's somethin' for your crown (please)
I meant no malice, I just met his challenge and won
[chorus: liz leite (jay-z)]
How tight is your flow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
How right is your dough? (Just like that yo)
How white is your blow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
Only, write what you know (I'm just like that yo)
How right is your dough? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
Only, write what you know (Just like that yo)
How tight is your flow?
How right is your dough?
How white is your blow?
Only, write what you know
How tight is your flow?
How right is your dough?
How white is your blow?
Only, write what you know
[Ad-libs throughout Chorus: Kid Capri & Jay-Z]
Put your hands up, put your hands in the air
Put your hands up, get 'em up come on!
Put your hands up, get your hands in the air
Put your hands up, get 'em up, everybody put 'em up come on!
Get 'em up come on!
You know what I'm sayin'
I'm built like that, you heard?
I'm whole another level, we can put it on, you know
Jigga, Kid Capri yo
to the streets, nigga, huh
'Cause I'm like that y'all, ya heard?
Holla back, bounce with me, bounce
[outro: jay-z]
Girls and guns (uh huh), all I want (bounce)
(Bounce with me, come on, bounce)
Stock exchange (uh huh), rocks and thangs (bounce, Jigga, haha)
Girls and guns (Kid Capri shit, huh), all I want
(What's fuckin' with that?)
Stock exchange (like that yo), rocks and thangs
(I'm just like that yo)

[intro: juelz santana]
Music, part two
Dipset
Killa, , Juelz (C'mon man!)
Let's do it
[refrain: juelz santana]
Can I get a (Jeah!) here! (Jeah!) There
a (Jeah! Jeah!)
Up, down, left, right (Jeah! Jeah! Jeah! Jeah!)
Shorty's moving again (Jeah!)
Shorty's loose with the pen (Jeah!)
Shorty do it to win (Jeah! Jeah! Jeah! Jeah!)
[verse 1: juelz santana]
Say I walk around like I got a S on my chest
TEC on my left, gangstas with me ready to step (Jeah!)
I like a chick with big breasts on her chest
Not flat, looking like somebody stepped on her chest (Jeah!)
What! (Jeah!) Shit! (Jeah!) Fuck! (Jeah!) Bitch! (Jeah!)
You so crazy! (Jeah! Jeah! Jeah! Jeah!)
My niggas spit the Glock (Oh-so-slow, whoa)
, lick a shot (Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo!)
Never seen a thinner pot (Hold so much coke!)
Cook it to a bigger rock (Hey, hey, oh, whoa)
And I be with them gangstas (Jeah!)
I creep with the gangstas (Jeah!)
Crack a Dutch or Philly and chief-chief with the gangstas
I stay with a lady (Jeah!), she stay with a lady (Jeah!)
They making me crazy (Jeah! Jeah! Jeah! Jeah!)
I spray 'em with babies (Jeah!)
In they face 'til they hate me (Jeah!)
And I'm making 'em crazy (Jeah! Jeah! Jeah! Jeah!)
And they like when I do it (Jeah!)
They like when I move it (Jeah!)
They like when I work it, they like when I hurt it
I stay icy on purpose (), like icy preservers
More than likely, I'm the nicest you heard of! (Jeah!)
[chorus: juelz santana]
I'm moving, moving, moving (Jeah!)
He's moving, moving, moving (Ayy!)
We moving, moving, moving (Jeah!)
Stop moving (Ayy!), shots bruise 'em (Jeah!)
Two more for Cam for taking over the Roc
(Jeah! Jeah!) It's my year, so
(Jeah!) It's like the whole Byrd Gang's in here
Like Kurt Cobain was here (Jeah! Jeah! Jeah! Jeah!)
[verse 2: juelz santana]
Still listen to gangsta music (Ayy!)
How them gangstas do it (Ayy!)
Shorty came to do it (Ayy! Ayy! Ayy! Ayy!)
I bang with the five (Ayy!), I see hate in ya eyes (Ayy!)
You waitin' to die (Ayy! Ayy! Ayy! Ayy!)
I pray for you guys, hate to keep wastin' your lives
Love to keep bakin' new pies, scrapin' the scrapes off the side
You can love it (Jeah! Ayy!), you can hate it (Jeah! Ayy!)
You can want it (Jeah! Ayy! Ayy! Ayy!)
I'm Babe Ruth in this game, beige coupe in the lane (Coupe)
State , they came; damn, he's moving again (Ayy!)
... I'm a better child
You's a pedophile (Ayy! Ayy! Ayy! Ayy!)
I go throw lead around, my hoes throw head around
They DTPs: deepthroat professionals
My D-I-P's, we so professional
Got weed, coke, and ecstasy, lean, dope, and wet to sell (Sell)
We blow jars of the dank (Yeah), like Bob Marley was wake
Real shottas, fuck you foreigners stay? (What?)
I'm moving, moving, moving (Jeah!)
Y'all losing, losing, losing (Ayy!)
[chorus: juelz santana]
He's moving, moving, moving (Ayy!)
We moving, moving, moving (Jeah!)
Stop moving (Ayy!), shots bruise 'em (Jeah!)
Two more for Cam for taking over the Roc
(Jeah! Jeah!) It's my year, so
(Jeah!) It's like the whole Byrd Gang's in here
Like Kurt Cobain was here (Jeah! Jeah! Jeah! Jeah!)
[verse 3: cam'ron]
Killa! I'm on the south side of
for a real hoe (Real hoe)
I don't see a touchdown; arms up, field goal (Field goal)
Got some ill gold, diamonds that's still low (Psh!)
Lil' dick, you a dickhead, nah, dildo (Dildo)
I chill though, pipin' in the Range
All this icin' I'm ashamed, look like lightnin' in the chain
Who was first that moved with they fam? (Who?)
Ask you: tattoos on they hand (Who?)
Slang all the white (Who?), cruise with the tan (Who?)
Pink on they back (Who?), blue in they band (Who?)
Yellow on his ear (Who?), steam on the rock (Who?)
Purple in the air (Who?), green in his pocket (Who?)
I ain't dissing you, dog, I'm dismissing you
Get the R. Kelly tape, and see how we piss on you
That's Kool-Aid, Dew, and Cris' on you (Uh-huh)
Your family will be missing you-mwah! There's a kiss for you (Jeah!)
[chorus: juelz santana]

[produced by infamous and drew correa]
[intro: lil wayne]
Yo, yo Drew and Inf
This-this, this right here is crazy
Yo I, I feel big, you know what I mean?
Like, not, not big in the sense of, weight
You know what I mean? Like gainin' weight or nothin' like that
Like colossal
Like, you know what I mean, like (sighs)
I heard you were lookin' for me
[chorus: sha-ron prescott & lil wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Haha, you know, hehe)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (I know, haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hey, hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Shit, you know)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why ()
[verse 1: lil wayne]
Yeah, to you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say "Church!" I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer than , ,
I got the flow, I'm tryin' to see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do?
But I'ma leave it to God, not Beaver, neither you
Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O, and even U
Man, I got summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter than the sun
Got spring hatin' on me 'cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me 'cause I'm colder than y'all
And I will never, I will never, I will never fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck y'all who hatin' for no reason
[chorus: sha-ron prescott & lil wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world and I'm back again!
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again!
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)
[verse 2: lil wayne]
Yeah, I been in and out the bank, bitch
While y'all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear: "Wayne quit!?"
Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call 'em April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, we up!
Feet up, like a paraplegia
Or paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red-and-yellow thing; old school Hawk
Like I'm from Park, but I'm from
Now all my Bloods scream "Soo-woo" and "Da-da-doe"
I know my role and I play it well
And I weigh it well, on my Libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy, leave it there
Long hair, don't even care
[chorus: sha-ron prescott & jay-z]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Young! I am him)
Around the world now I'm back again
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin')
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', chyeah)
[verse 3: jay-z]
I'm right here in my chair with my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share, mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther, go further, go harder
Is that not why we came? And if not, then why bother?
Show no mercy in
I'm far from bein' the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the martyrs
The and the Pacs and the and the
Garvey; got me a molotov-cocktail flow
Even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The dope boy I just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, while guys just stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right: plural
I took so much change from this rap game, it's your go
(Hey Mr. Carter) Young!
[verse 4: lil wayne]
It's my go, yeah... And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, Hector, Man, Randy Savage
Far from average, above status-quo, flow so pro
I know, I ride slow, and when I pass
They say, "What up, killa?" Man, stop bringin' up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy, Baby!
[Chorus: Sha-Ron , Lil Wayne & Choir]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Yeah)
They've been wondering why (Haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Hova!)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Weezy)
They've been wondering why (Baby!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hahaha)
Tell me, where have you been? (I been hustlin')
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (' hard)
They've been wondering why (Chyeah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter
They've been wondering why
[outro: lil wayne]
And I swear to everything, when I leave this Earth
It's gonna be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
And you can try me, fucker, but when I squeeze, it hurt
Fine, we'll lose two lives; yours and mine
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve

[verse 1 - boots riley (and e-roc)]
1986 a motherfucker doing tricks in the mix and I don't mean the fader
Face of zits but getting grits with black steel firesticks
Trying to build an Empire something like Darth Vader
Now Lonzo was armed with nothing but a mean mug
(But tucked a forty-five, with forty-five slugs)
He was a jitterbug thug, at the dance, cuttin a rug
( his sisters like a hooker) his partners with a hug
shakedown, this brother would take pounds
Of soon to be cake grounds, and then go make rounds
protected wads of gorgeous green
Paper stacks of paid tax off of broken dreams
At puberty his liberty was found within a ki
Rocks were cookin but he's lookin for a way to be free
Here's a ki (there's a ki) but Lonzo, where's yours?
There's no key to the door, but there's money on the floor
(So stoop down) bend over (hurry pick it up fast)
But watch out, Lonzo -- YOU'LL GET FUCKED IN THE ASS
[hook]
[verse 2 - boots riley (and e-roc)]
Knock knock (who is it?) time to visit but it's two years late
Cause Lonzo's rollin harder and it's 1988
He's got some fat ends, got some more friends, (and a brand new Benz)
He's got respect and he suspects that it won't end
A couch is still a couch (and a chair is still a chair)
But a house is now a crackhouse, Luther, Lonzo's there
Dying brains, dying bodies, taken from these dead residence
Trying in vain to kill their pain, exchanging dead presidents
Many bourgeoise parlez francoise (I don't speak it but I know it)
It's all the same (the business game) but you go to jail for this shit
We were tribal our survival was now based on stoppin rivals
Who's the fittest, as I raise my fists, I can't survive and not be ruthless
(So while we scrape, and scratch for bones
And a cellular phone, somebody's sittin on the throne
Cause they don't let, black folks own)
THEY JUST GIVE US THIS SHIT ON LOAN, KICK IT
[hook]
(Ahaha, yeah, what was I fidna say?
Aww yeah Lonzo's back in the County, man)
Damn we'll go visit him on Sunday when we visit Dee, aight?
[verse 3 - boots riley (and e-roc)]
(Madge says that Bounty is the quicker-picker-upper)
Well Lonzo says the County is the slip-up, trip-up, stuck-up
Years of unsettled funk and who gets what bunk junk
Makes you feel like you took a test and flunked
(But don't get disturbed or perturbed; the teacher's
On my last nerve, plus he grades with a downhill curve)
Told Lonzo kick it, the system is wicked, trick it, but dig it
We got a way to lick it, gave him a book, said, "Here's the ticket"
(Now he's addicted) to learnin how we been afflicted
And what distributin that shit did
I made a quick bid to say, "Don't trip kid
You never worked for the mob" (You had a government job)
Lonzo knew I was right, no fight, now we're tight
(Plus he been out of jail about a year ago last night)
Now he hangs with us for revolutionary ruckus
And five-oh, more than ever wants to fuck us
Just cause we know the road to riches is crooked and narrow
We'll get more power from a hundred thousand gun barrels

[intro: 50 cent & eminem]
Sh-sh-sh, Shady! ! Haha!
G-G-G-G, G-Unit! Haha!
[chorus: eminem & 50 cent]
'Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game
at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time
[introduction: eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor, one more time
Get your ass up for the doctor, come on now
Here we go, cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got ya' hangin' on the edge of your seat, get on down
[verse 1: dr. dre & eminem]
Time's up, game's over, you lose, I win
'Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Oh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out, and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means you something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back (Oh!)
Too bad, you're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around, just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whining and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why 10 multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
, we're on the charts with a bullet, and still climbin'
[chorus: eminem & 50 cent]
'Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game
at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time
[introduction: eminem, dr. dre & 50 cent]
When Dr. Dre says crunk, you will get it crunk
Get it crunk! Crunk! Crunk!
And when 50 Cent says jump, you get on one foot, and jump
Jump! Jump!
[verse 2: dr. dre & eminem]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta' promote it, for you to know that Doc is off the benches
We keep the party rockin' off the hinges
We ain't showin' off, we just going off popular consensus
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off, who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, 'cause Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (What?!)
We gon' have this motherfucker hoppin' in a second (Bump, bump!)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
'Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestled with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap may be raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Graced the cover of Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the caped crusaders and leave it to me and Dre
To pass the mic and we can play the
Back and forth all day like the hot potato game
That's why we came to...
[chorus: eminem & 50 cent]
[introduction: eminem]
50 Cent, come on!
[verse 3: 50 cent, dr. dre & eminem]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty of money involved
And plenty honey's involved and sunny and palm trees
Cali, everyday is just another party
From the valleys all the way to them 8 Mile alleys
Let's rally, hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre's about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
You can catch me in the studio, bangin' out the beats to
you with the heat that keep blazing out your speakers
So never say never 'cause Shady, together
Along with G-Unit presents the return of the
The Doc and Shady, no one can do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence that a...
[chorus: eminem & 50 cent]
We came here to set this party off right
[outro: eminem & 50 cent]
People chanting Eminem's name
Eminem Leaves
Slim Shady's
Oh shit! I almost forgot...
Girl screams as Shady pulls out a gun
You're coming with me!
Eminem cocks the gun and starts shooting at the audience
People start to scream terrified and run
and shouting
Ha ha ha. Bye, bye!
Eminem shoots himself
See you in hell, fuckers!

[chorus: repeat 2x]
Why you tryin to play me, foo dang? (Foo Dang)
Just cause I wanna let my nuts hang
Teeth bang on the streets servin heads all night
Some of us just ain't livin right
[blaze]
I know this stupid bitch who think she know me
She even wanna call me Blaze Her Dead Homie
Bitch keep ya mouth shut cause ya foo dang
Couldn't hold my balls, couldn't hold my wang
Stank hoes wanna see me in the grave
But I'm quick to slap a trick wit a 12 gauge
You know you was speakin my name, playin games
And sayin things you know he's actin like something changed
But I know you are reppin your fancy car
Little money, foo dangin at the tittie bar (Bitch!)
7 dicks shoved in her box nightly, is she fucking?
(Is she fuckin?) For the right price she might me
Stank hoe, I never paid for ass
So take a stray cat, and shove it in ya flat ass
Get up out my face wit that foo dang drama
Where she learn that shit? Man she get it from her mama
[some guy]
I say Foo, you say Dang
Foo (Fuck You!!)
Dang (Fuck You!!)
say fa sho, yea I'm in the house
Yea I'm in the house
[chorus]
[anybody killa]
I foo dang on the daily, go ahead and call me shady
Bad boy on the streets, startin static since the '80s
So why you gotta front? Try and play me like a punk
If you keep talkin shit, you gon' end up in my trunk
Jackin beats from bustas, we foo dang like that
Robbin hoes for they gold then trade it in for a sack
Don't even think for a second that we high class
40 drinkin freaks with some dank and a nice ass
? identity with some eastside conflict
make me sick if they don't foo dang dick
Keep it real and I'll try to keep it real back
Try to trip in over all the bodies that I shot wit the gat
Hunt you down wit my automobile, roll down the window slow
Then punch you right in the throat
Type of shit that most people call a little fucked
But it's simple and plain, we foo dang, so don't front
[some guy]
Yo Killa, this
I got ya number from this bitch I know
I was the guy followin you home from the signin ??
Yo man why you ain't pull over?
I ain't no houndog or nothin but I just
[chorus]
[blaze]
Foo dang is what I call a hoe without a pistol
Walkin all alone (There she go) and if I see you it's on
I'm callin out old janky bitches wit no heart
Dogs with no bite that wanna bark
Reppin gold is like a crip wearin red in my hood
And I'll slap ya wit a bat like a G should (!!)
Bitch, check yourself into the crackhead clinic
You can't get no ? bringin a bag wit bottles in it
[anybody killa]
Foo dangin wit a hatchet, come and get ya ass kicked
If you bring a bottle then I really wanna smash it
Sellin weed filled wit stems and seeds
Same shit for $550 but you askin a G
Now that's the kinda shit that makes a mind go crazy
2 packs of 'Ports a day and I just can't take it
I swear if 1 more hero tries to flex in my face
I'll go foo dang around the globe and make the whole world change
[chorus]

[interlude: az]
AZ Ha, ha, ha, new drink, and Henny
You ain't got no Henny, get the Remy
You ain't got the Remy, any cognac'll do
Smooth criminal shit baby
[half-a-mil]
Keyser Soze intention
Glide in a Hummer wit the flying saucer engine
out, at my crib in the winter having cookouts
Smack my wiz, look out
I'm like , crab niggas trying to conquer us
They mad 'cause we jump out of cabs and hop on the bus
dust, Firm Clique rock the whole
who burn dick won't put a stop to us
Niggas who-
[intro: az]
See; this is what I mean
When we come together like this incredible things take place
See we connect thoughts to collect shorts
And only the strong survive
I love my black people, we are the future
[nina simone sample]
Black is the color of my true love's hair
His face so soft and wondrous fair
[verse 1: az]
Chop the pie up four ways, get lyed up
, never violate, get tied up
It's all a chess game, choose sides, the best remains
True Lies, vibes die when bums infest the game
Bogus shit shock you broke and let your man get locked
I live this Hip Hop, stock the bank let the crys pop
Peep the next shit, push a big Benz, fuck a Lexus
The streets was hectic so I stacked and made my exit
More dough to get focused, my thoughts for me to go legit
shit, cop a huge castle on a ocean cliff
that a few years back I was bagging cracks
Magnum gats playing street corners, committing savage acts
up, nothing but love for niggas sitting up
Hold your own, try coming home without getting touched
Two for one laws made foul how they do the young
Was new to come, try to tell shorty he should of threw the gun
"Black is the color of my true love's hair"
[verse 2: half-a-mil]
the green Wallys, all I see
My mind hold math like caller ID, chose the path that chose me
I'ma tell you like G-O-D told me
Greed, lust, hate and envy, sweet dust from shanty
Keeps us from simply unifying organizing
We all are falling when we think we all are rising
We pop Cris' on the horizon, topless chicks with thick thighs and
I rather be civilizing, enterprising, improvising
rising, Elohim gave me the guidance
Told me, "Leave those 85ers alone, blend with the wise men"
That bought 80 G stones, twin on homes
Fuck it, just spend 10 G alone on chrome
When I die they'll take my chromosomes and clone clones
208 bones, microchip kids, we most dominant
You know what time it is, that's why I exist
Jump out of limo, lands, fire at the place
Why are scientists supplying this , why this?
I'm surviving this quiet tribalness
year 2000 flying the whips
9 cent, mind bent, 1999 rhyme alignment
[verse 3: nature]
We went from arraignments to entertainment
24/Sev the same shit playing the strip, living dangerous
Bottle after bottle soon became a ritual
The patterns we follow, others found 'em difficult
I guess it's obvious as to what my hobby is
The root of all evil pollute same niggas body kids
caught up, the same gang that left 'em all stuck
I reminisce on VS touching my fourth cup
Me my only problem is I'm all fucked
in my heart I can't sleep 'til I bust off nuts
Weave religion for all my niggas that beat the system
And those bitten sitting since
Y'all need to listen, it's journalistic
Y'all hear the whispers, the niggas in the Firm is twisted
Spit that fly shit that earn the bitches
Whip the chrome 6 up the FDR, it's bless we are
See, I never let them stress me God, forever stress-free
While twisting up logs of that nestle
Who are you to question me?
It's just my destiny to kick back, kill time and live successfully
[outro: az]
Firm, how y'all want it huh, ha ha
Talk to me, we give it to y'all either way
We working with y'all, this is for you!
Love is Love, '98, Firm shit

Once again, firm affiliation
Like we say; the show must go on
[chorus: 2x]
on a good time
Cop come on boget
Yo when times get trifle
I'm subjected to street survival
See many never complete they cycle
Other retreat to bibles, living holy
But currency seem to control me, moving coldly
In the presence of old parolies
My mind mold me, keep me in mack mode like Goldie
Police know me, but ain't got enough to hold me
I follow rules, through the knowledge, swallow jewels
A form of teaching, from the streets never taught in school
You caught you lose, a wise man utilize tools
certifies all moves
So I walk this path of the old dread, that lead me off the Ave
fast, learning from niggas I lost in the past
Its poison plays in these foul days
cops and they foul ways, I'm walking through a wild maze
my brain trying to maintain
Sleet hell, snow, or rain, I guess the game will never change
[chorus]
Since the genesis, paraphernalia circle my premises
Poor images, project life drained my innocence
It's all the worst genocide, I guess the water's cursed
My old earth identify, though her soul is for the church
She prayed for peace, hoping I'm saved before she lay deceased
To say the least, the one to wise to play the streets
I know the ropes, certain niggas to slow to cope
& though I sold some Coke, it was only to stay afloat
the frozen hearted, some bending, some departed
chocolate, tracing back to where it started
The Crack wave 2 for 5, deuce and trays
The Mack sprays, puffin' lye, truth & days
& though it sound ill, through all the foul shit, I'm down still
All around real, rough is the grounds in
I know the ledge, meditating, holding my head
Eyes red, it's "Doe or Die" till I'm dead
[chorus]
I played all positions, plus learned from each mission
wit all type niggas wit different diction
I did it up, from young in some cunt, the way I hit it up
off my first Philly Blunt, and how I lit it up
But time flying, playing these corners I'll let it slide by
lye, homicide, coke supplies dry
So play the game, other slow up change the lane
Awaken, unchain the brain in exchange to take away the pain
It's a part of scriptures, put together wit different mixtures
They tricked us, got us trapped in taking pictures
, locating, destination, estimating
Or play a part of them investigating
It's on going from them killers, to them broads hoeing
first time felons on trial blowing
So burn your clips and sit back, learn your shit
The last of these real reps left turned legit
[chorus]

[verse 1: nature]
At the ripe age of 24, I done seen it all, done it all
Some dreams stay fresh and some are spoiled
Dealin' with time, winter, spring, summer, fall
It's crazy changes, is this that made me famous?
I come a long way from Timbs, minimum wages
' caps, summer jobs, pockets flat
It's funny how my childhood idols now be coppin' crack
I ain't knockin' that, unfortunately, life's too short to see
It's only right we move accordingly at every second
I use to carry heavy weapons
cocked, tucked in my shirt for every session
But hold up, a 2-6 bid made me grow up
Came home to the same damn dreams with no luck
And half the clique's strong, the other half moved on
Some with new lives and new wives, niggas live long
The foulest thing about time - it still ticks when you gone
[verse 2: nas]
For those who live the way I live, we came a long way
From wipin' cold outta eyelids to rap's hottest
Smokin' lye, let track guide us
back then before MAC-10's, expensive bottles?
Had a sick mind, niggas taught me how to get mine
We'd often sip quarts, they get tossed at the spit line
To all niggas that the Lord seemed to gip for their time
While we plan to live forev', he had a different design
Is it safe to say, we all perish on the sacred day?
With my luck, soon as I reach the gate, they make me pay
Pray, minutes go by, Indigo high
The specialist, decked out dark specs, finessin' it
Used to play catch-a-kiss, same girls back then
Now, leave us messages, a whole lot
Travel to my old spot where we sold rock, although it's trifle
Ain't nothin' changed, just like time, it's all a cycle
[verse 3: az]
Yo, wake up to the world, stay in charge of your dreams
Keep your vision, focus, get wise, enlargen your cream
' schemes, so many in the dark is unseen
Caught in between, perhaps rap was a fortunate thing
Forced to be king from hustlin', supportin' them fiends
Bustin' guns, I had no remorse as a teen
Rockin' birth stones, my first skid bid, nurse the dome
It hurts to zone, now I've realized, I'm on this Earth alone
Time ticks, devilish mind design tricks
Leave you blind quick and cause you to die behind shit
, master 120, I'm
Amazed with magic 'cause it's illusions that made me savage
Life change once you establish the right game
Love the night rain, found a new way to fight pain
Clocks never stop, it's all a race to the top
Tryin' to freeze time, that's why I iced the face of my watch

[intro: az]
What's the deal, son?
It's the world famous AZ Show (For the world), AZ Show, Show, Show
[verse 1: az]
No doubt, time to mellow out, party at the yellow house
Yell it out, invites only, don't tell no slouch
How you feel around some made cats, really on chill
Laid back with the Alize, millis concealed
like some more pimps caught in the mix
Wasn't taught shit, stressed out, supporting your bitch
Let the ice shine, easing my mind with white wine
lifeline, squeezing my nine the right time
life, feds almost bagged the god twice
nights, move on the grace of Allah's light
All Armani white, feeling like Christ with the army type
Cons be writing, knowing my life is based upon the hype
incense with intents to school the infants
The rules are different, so for those that choose to listen
It's a dice game, never know, plans might change
Stay in your price range, far from the stress of night pains
[chorus: swv]
Hey, AZ, won't you play that song?
Keep me fucked up (Fucked up) all night (All night)
Hey, AZ, won't you play that song?
Keep me fucked up (Fucked up) all night (All night)
[verse 2: az]
So many deaf and blind got caught up and left behind
I guess Lime gave me my strength to go the extra nine
Next in line, slow G-ing, low-keying
Me and the crew in the gold BM ODing
Top speed, blowing through the sweet night breeze
life leads, anything's better besides a tight squeeze
Sliced cheese, even my pieces pushing nice Vs
precisely, hoping soon one be the wifey
It's working well, process words, helping to purge and sell
Urban hell, playing park benches, burning Ls
It's all basics, probation, open cases
We ill-natured, being trained young from hatred
in the arms of Satan, congregating
, trying to map ways of escaping
It's truth or dare, only the chosen move sincere
Keep the youth aware, pass on jewels as souvenirs
[chorus: swv]
[post-chorus: swv]
Long
Long
[bridge: swv & az]
AZ, knock me out my dog gone shoes (For the world)
[verse 3: az]
No more case pending, it's all a brand new beginning
AZ, I'm back winning, dressed in black linen
women, low fade, waves laid and spinning
Stay paid four different ways, put my bid in
No sleep, be playing with time, my mind goes deep
These cold streets, rock a diamond chip, gold teeth
Trying to stay sane amongst the madness and maintain
Though the game changed, the message involved remained plain
Poor advice given, we all strive for nice living
, some pay the price, others spend nights in prison
Plea bargain, hoping my peoples peep the problem
We each dissolving trying to make moves to keep from starving
[chorus: swv]
[outro: swv]
Fucked up all night
Fucked up all night
Hey, AZ
Hey, AZ
Long (Fucked up all night)
Long (Fucked up all night)
Keep me fucked up all night

[verse 1]
Blue and white
Same color the
car same color as a marker
Red '74 same color as a
Fat bank rolls like I robbed Wells Fargo
Black coupe same color as some charcoal
Clear through top same color as a dope boy
Off-white Jag same color as the yayo
Pure white guts same color as some mayo
Benz like Legos
Sixes got my donk sitting like a
Paint like Play-Doh
The alfredo Lambo
The shrimp scampi Chevy and the guts look like egg yolk
[hook]
Colors, colors
All my ice is colors, colors
I live my life in colors, colors
And my girls is colors, colors
And my world is colors, colors
I live my life in colors, colors
I rock my ice in colors, colors
And my world's in colors, colors
And my girls is
[verse 2]
Benz look like Fruit Loops
look like Juicy Fruit
See-through golden brownish coupe
Same color as apple juice
Flashy as a stack or two
Safe like da crackers do
Green and golden Chevy same color as the boots
Dark and patent leather seats
Mellow yellow bezel
Got the ground beef guts painted Helper
Amazon Jacob same color as a leopard
Black diamonds in it same color as a checker
Red and blue and white 'Bird like Woody
Smoked a half an ounce of goody cause it make me feel better
on the floor
Shotty on the dresser
dollar lick and I hope it be successful
[hook]
[verse 3]
Brand new black Benz
Same color a ink pen
Took it to the tech shop
Sat it on some street spins
Retro same color as my painted rims
look like gin
Forces look like oxygen
Vette look like margarine when it hit the block
I named that bitch "" then removed her from the top
Bought my girlfriend Gucci loafers and a pocketbook
Got her looking fruity like she got her color book
Trophy-trophy dosey-dosey
Jake Jake no rolly-polly
740 same color as guacamole
Sour cream and onions
look like
White and green Lotus same color as the MONEY!

[verse 1: manny fresh]
See these broads, I like 'em and shit
Wish I could give all these hoes a picture-of-my dick
See I like em and psyche em, then I get in the win
I might just need you and leave you at a quarter past ten, but
I ain't gonna lie, your pussy was good
But your mouth is better so I wish you would
Work your way down to the diznick
It feels so good when you do the liznick
You got me doing push-ups and I'm taking ginseng
(Let's get ready to rumble!) In the middle of the ring
You got my dick hard like a '57 Chevy
Rocked up, ya cocked up, cause I'm ready
To go up in ya, let that other nigga send ya
Cards and shit while you suckin' my dick
I like you a little bit more than I'm diggin' my shirt
Ya little pretty ass dick suckin' expert, beeyoch!
[chorus: lil wayne]
See I love these broads but I toss em up quick
Every trick that I get, they get flipped through the clique
See I love these broads but I toss em up quick
Every trick that I get, they get flipped through the clique
[verse 2: birdman]
These broads, nigga, I wish that I could love 'em all
These broads, nigga, I wish that I could fuck 'em all
These broads, I let these hoes just drive my car
But these hoes know one thing: that I'm a superstar
These hoes get out of line, I'ma show 'em I'm a hog
And now that I'm rich, I show these hoes that they ain't shit
And every ho I fuck with, I make suck my dick
It ain't no secret, I know these hoes about my money, shit
But I tell a ho quick, that she ain't shit
My main ho Clare, I don't make her suck my dick
I might just get loose and wanna kiss my bitch
But now that I got a daughter, I'm supposed to be light on a bitch
But I'm gonna be hard on these hoes for life, shit
I'm a true U-P-T player for life, shit
But I'ma say it again, I don't love no bitches
I about my money, nigga, and fucking these bitches
[chorus: lil wayne]
[verse 3: birdman]
Now I done been here for 25 years
I understand one thing: that life is a bitch
I done lost my ma and my pa, my brother and my sister all up in one year
I understand one thing, I gotta ball 'til I fall
And show these hoes that money ain't no thang, dawg
See, I tell a bitch that she ain't shit
And at the same time ask that ho to suck my dick
See, I don't take money and mix with no bitch
Cause one thing, these hoes would lose they mind and get lost quick
It ain't no secret, I make these hoes think I'll pay their shit
But I keep it real and I pay my nigga's shit
I say, "fuck a ho," and make these hoes back up
I keep it real and fuck with niggas who'll act up
And kick in your front door, your ho told my nigga where your dope
Now you stuck out like a ho!
And my niggas done hit a lick from your bitch
And all you hoes mad cause we done hit your shit
[chorus: lil wayne]
[outro: birdman, lil wayne]
: Now that was beautiful Baby. How you love that? Wassup wassup, me, with these bitches
I like gettin' my dick sucked, that's the only way I can get it. What's happenin'
Dawg, I like to get full of that enema and Kool-Aid, go all night
I'm playing with about, 15

[intro]
We here
I said we here
The back of Tha Carter, yeah
The back of Tha Carter
Two, uh
This here is
The end of Tha Carter Two, people
Hey, yeah
[verse]
I got the game on ball and chain
I threw the key in the drain, I'm like a key in a drought
I spent a G on these frames, but my vision is priceless
Seeing through you niggas like a fuckin' psychic
through the grapevine, niggas wanna hate mine
Say my name and die in the daytime
You catch my drift, man, you better be Peyton
Boy, the heat's on, they makin' peace bonds
I'm in this bitch throwin' up the "17th" sign
frowns, no daps, strapped three times
That Tec-11, AK-47, one
Ready for whatever, tell them pussy niggas, "Come together"
Heavy better, nigga, super-soaker wet a nigga
Six feet under flowers, you ain't nothin' but a petal, nigga
I'm just a little nigga tryin' to be a civil nigga
Thirty years old, shit, that'll be a given, nigga
Quit it, Wayne, your Mom is listenin'
But she ain't really trippin' 'cause the pots is pissed in
Them niggas trippin' until the shots whistlin'
Hear them bullets hissin' like a cobra at attention
I got a bitch and quit callin' women bitches
As long as she don't worry 'bout the coke in the kitchen
No preventin' the grind, I gotta get it
I'm admitted to the game, true player, no quittin'
There you go shittin' on the way a nigga thinkin'
Only history I know is
And since the future ain't promised to no one
I live every day like this is the sure one
Trade in the tidal wave, this is the ocean
Stand in that heat 'til the motherfucking snow come
And it feels so fuckin' good
Throw my dope like a rope, let 'em tug and pull
No hope for the hopeless, rats and roaches
'cross the porch, in the attic there's a fortune
Come and get it, automatics in motion
We bangin' for the bread, nigga, even the molded
I got my loaf, I got my toast
of the South, I got my coast
Yeah, and until I die
I'm the, the-the, the-the, the Best Rapper Alive

[intro]
Pi' 'til I die
Just because!
Pi' 'til I die
Piru
B's up
Bitch, I'm me
[hook]
Young Money is the label, let us in the door
Coming in this bitch, all red to the floor
And I'm -soo-woo!
And I'm -soo-woo!
I got Bloods on stage, Bloods at my shows
Fuck with my Bloods, got blood on your clothes
[verse 1]
Once again, it's on-yeah, I'm back in the booth
Stand at the top like a tack in the roof
Still on these hoes like a mack in a suit
Still on my toes, not a crack in my shoe
talking 'bout me, but I don't give a hoot
These niggas still lying, I'm the motherfucking truth
Talk tough 'til I knock off your kuf'
And I own my team, I'm like a Maloof
They hating on me, I'm just tryna be Weezy
Just like Young Jeezy in a lima-bean 'Ghini
Smoked out my mind, baby, now I'm seeing 3D
fresh from my fitted to my DC's
All red, so these hoes know who we be's (B's up)
We be's Bloods-we B's
Popeye flow, y'all niggas Sweet Peas
high on a yacht-call it "seaweed"
[hook]
Young Money is the label, let us in the door
Coming in this bitch, all red to the floor
I got Bloods on stage, Bloods at my shows
Fuck with my Bloods, got blood on your clothes
[verse 2]
I advance my flow, and they must like that
They like it so much, they say they write that
at the dog, but I don't bite back
I ain't CPR, I ain't bringing they life back
Black CBR, bad bitch on the bike back
on my wrist, yeah, nigga, the bright pack
I'ma shine, I live where the light at (You dig?)
Air Force fly, call me a Nike check
Brand-new coupe same color as the sky
The dash say 2, y'all know I'm gon' try
Cop pull me over, y'all know I'm gon' lie
They go up in my trunk, y'all know I'm gon' fry
Them niggas throwing salt all over my fries
So I'ma just walk all over them guys
Niggas throwing darts, never hit the bullseye
Young Money, bitch, New , East Side
[hook]
And I'm -soo-woo! (Neck music)
[verse 3]
Been around the world, rep the same thing
Been around the world, it's the same gang
B's up, B's up, flame gang
Blaat, b-blaat, blaaa-blaaat, bang-bang
I told my homie , "You can't sleep on life"
So he popped a X pill and didn't sleep all night
I ain't worrying 'bout you, I'm just trying do me
Last album did two, I'm just trying do three
I am what every pair of eyes ought to see
wish they could just call and order me
My Momma used to tell me "Get a nine-to-five"
Cash Money made her say, "Never mind, I'm fine" (B's up!)
[hook]
We coming in this bitch, all red to the floor
And I'm -soo-woo! (Just because!)
[outro]
Piru, to Damu
Soo-woo

It's time to get money
I got a million reasons why I'm better than them (a million)
Yeah (I'm about to give you one right now)
It's Loso in case you ain't know so baby; let get right into it
What's really the dilly with these silly muhfuckas
Buncha fake ass Milli muhfuckas
Yet still these muhfuckas say they feel these muhfuckas
But I only smoke I don't feel these muhfuckas
They gon pull and shoot what?
No really muhfucka
You gon run, prolly pull ya achilly muhfucka
Nigga please, you wouldn't pop a wheelie muhfucka
You wouldn't raise the heat if you was chilly muhfucka
I will kill these muhfuckas
Till' these muhfuckas know that I Am Legend
Call me Big Willy muhfucka
I'm wit Freck Billi and some West Philly muhfuckas
And you can be a vic if you get silly muhfucka
So if you feelin froggy leap that lily muhfucka
And I'll serve yo fruity ass like Wet muhfucka
I'm like Obama to these silly muhfuckas
And you niggas is , Hill Billy muhfuckas
Niggas said you niggas is . Hill Billy muhfuckers
, Bill Clin--Fuck it. They don't get it
I am a million-aire in some Louis V millionaires
White bucket like wear
La familia in here, don't care who over there
Red rover red rover send them bitches over here
You can also send the waiter, yeah I think his name Ramon
Tell his slow ass to c'mon wit that Grey Goose and Patron
Tryna get em in the zone da da zone
So I can pick and roll like and Malone
Ya smell me, nah baby not my cologne
Let me be clear as some Limon
Looky here Simone, you can call the phone
But if you ain't tryna bone you'll be talkin to the tone
I'm so cocky that all I wanna do is bone
I'm so Rocky my last name should be
I ain't Jimmy baby, I ain't here to Jones
Fuck whatcha talkin bout...its Los

[ by Killah and Acid]
Every girl that's guilty of waiting so long, sometime
So it seems like it doesn't make sense
[Female singing with laughing in the background]
[sniffing]
[verse]
Yeah, it was them cute pretty bitches that was smelling like coke
They kept going [egh egh] like they had shit in they throats
They had stacks on the tables, cables
I had to say it was like early May
A few days 'til my birthday date, baby date
I'll play to the sucker DJ, looking like
Told him to throw in that Cliee-ente
He said just gave a nod with a thumbs-up wink
I just put down my dollar bill, took off my mink
know we big spenders, gave us those mobster drinks
Sent us lobsters and cigars that stink
them oldie-but-goodie classics, them honies had fat asses
Noses runnin' from the raw, they hid behind they glasses
Toney with the , I came to play
With my long fingernail, your honey should pass that yay
Let me see what color you got boo, I got that beige
I see y'all from the perihperals, ladies far right from the stage
I'm 33, I look 26 with big furs on
What y'all inherit, the Santa Maria?
Y'all money that long?
Your father must have fell back when y'all started fucking
You asked me what I think about dude? I say "fuck him"
And this one bitch called me Fat Albert
The way my pockets had the mumps, you know that Ghost is 'bout it
Then I asked these young ladies do they buff helmets
They said "fuck you", took a sniff and then they didn't tell me
Just because you left home, this is Tone
Yo, you see I flip stones
, you ain't grown fuck around and get boned
3 rich pretty young ladies lost at 6, Gucci kicks
And they picky when it come to they dick
If y'all ladies was all mine I'd teach you well
Free tales, sweet smells, eat well, hear bells
Before you sleep, read your books like it was my fanmail
And when you wake, you be a new woman, know the whole world can tell
Word life, put you to school when the clubs'll stop
girl, pay for your books at 200 a pop
And all I ask in life's for you to be careful
Stay focused, take care of your health
Have kids and marry a prince
Good luck and happiness
And no longer shut yourself in, taste the pain, the sorrow
The sun'll shine and still come out tomorrow
And maybe be a secretary, business woman, 5th Ave., or run a library
You got the right conversation, education and looks
With the right intelligence to stay away from them crooks
Baby get on your feet, be an accountant, doctor, lawyer or nurses's aid
wizard, you about to get paid
[outro, over background singing]
Yea
You know I just met y'all
And I love y'all already and all that
But I gotta get off that nose candy
To make it in life and all that shit
That's why I'm here
I'm like a father figure and all that shit
I let y'all get high, and that's all you're going to do but
Ya'nawm sayin?
Cause I drop jewels all over the place
Y'all too pretty for that
Some of y'all nose hairs is burnt
I just want you to snap out of it
You know why? cause you's a

[produced by rza]
[intro: raekwon & method man]
What that nigga want, God?
Word up, look out for the cops though (Wu-Tang five finger shit, fam)
Cash rules-
Word up, two for fives over here, baby
Word up, two for fives, niggas got garbage down the way
Word up, know what I'm sayin'?
Cash rules everything around me, C.R.E.A.M. get-
Yeah, check this old fly shit out, word up
(Cash rules everything around me) Take you on a natural joint
(C.R.E.A.M. get the money)
(Dollar dollar bill, y'all) Here we, here we go, check this shit, yo
[verse 1: raekwon]
I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side
Stayin' alive was no jive
Had secondhands, Mom's bounced on old man
So then we moved to land
A young youth, yo, rockin' the gold tooth, 'Lo goose
Only way I begin the G off was drug loot
And let's start it like this, son
Rollin' with this one and that one, pullin' out gats for fun
But it was just a dream for the teen
Who was a fiend, started smokin' woolies at 16
And runnin' up in gates and doin' hits for high stakes
Makin' my way on fire escapes
No question, I would speed for cracks and weed
The combination made my eyes bleed
No question, I would flow off and try to get the dough all
' up white boys in ball courts
My life got no better, same damn 'Lo sweater
Times is rough and tough like leather
out I went the wrong route
So I got with a sick-ass clique and went all out
' keys from 'cross seas
Rollin' in MPV's, every week we made forty G's
Yo, nigga, respect mine, or here go the TEC-9
Ch-chick-pow! Move from the gate now
[chorus: method man]
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
[verse 2: inspectah deck]
It's been twenty-two long, hard years, I'm still strugglin'
got me buggin', but I'm alive on arrival
I peep at the shape of the streets
And stay awake to the ways of the world 'cause shit is deep
A man with a dream with plans to make cream
Which failed; I went to jail at the age of fifteen
A young buck sellin' drugs and such, who never had much
Tryin' to get a clutch at what I could not-
The court played me short, now I face incarceration
Pacin', goin' upstate's my destination
in the back of a bus, forty of us
Life as a shorty shouldn't be so rough
But as the world turned, I learned life is hell
Livin' in the world no different from a cell
Every day I escape from Jakes givin' chase
Sellin' base, smokin' bones in the staircase
Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess
I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed
But I'm still depressed, and I ask: what's it worth?
Ready to give up so I seek the old Earth
Who explained workin' hard may help you maintain
To learn to overcome the heartaches and pain
We got stick-up kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks
And stray shots, all on the block that stays hot
Leave it up to me while I be livin' proof
To kick the truth to the young black youth
But shorty's runnin' wild, smokin' sess, drinkin' beer
And ain't tryna hear what I'm kickin' in his ear
for now, but yo, it gots to be accepted
That what? That life is hectic
[chorus: method man & inspectah deck]
Cash rules everything around me (My niggas gots to do what they gotta do)
Dollar dollar bill, y'all (To get through, know what I'm sayin'?)
Cash rules everything around me ( you can't just get by no more)
Dollar dollar bill, y'all (Word up, you gotta get over, straight up and down)
[outro: method man]
Yeah, yeah
Dollar dollar bill, y'all-all-all, yeah

[produced by easy mo bee]
[verse 1: the notorious b.i.g. & pop]
Who the fuck is this, pagin' me at 5:46 in the morning?
Crack of dawn and now I'm yawnin'
Wipe the cold out my eye
See who's this pagin' me and why
It's my nigga, Pop from the barbershop
Told me he was in the gambling spot and heard the intricate plot
Of niggas wanna stick me like flypaper, neighbor
Slow down, love, please chill, drop the caper
them niggas from the hill up in
That you rolled dice with, smoked blunts and got nice with?
Yeah, my nigga Fame up in
Nah, them my niggas, nah, love, wouldn't disrespect
I didn't say them
They schooled me to some niggas that you knew from back when
When you was clockin' minor figures
Now they heard you're blowin' up like nitro
And they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
So, thank Fame for warnin' me, 'cause now I'm warnin' you
I got the MAC, nigga, tell me what you gonna do
[chorus]
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
[verse 2: the notorious b.i.g. & pop]
They heard about the and the Lexus
With the Texas license plates out of state
They heard about the pounds you got down in
And they heard you got half of locked down
They even heard about the crib
You bought your moms out in , the Fifth
Call the coroner!
There's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower-bringin'
If my burglar alarm starts ringin'
What ya think all the guns is for?
All-purpose war, got the by the door
And I feed 'em gunpowder so they can devour
The criminals tryin' to drop my decimals
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my cream
And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, see your picture
Now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya
Bet ya Biggie won't slip
I got the Calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
So I can rip through the ligaments
Put the fuckers in a bad predicament
Where all the foul niggas went
Touch my cheddar, feel my
Buck what I'ma hit you with, you motherfuckers better duck
I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains
Of his jacket, he had a gun, he shoulda packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
So I can reload and explode on your asshole
I fuck around and get hardcore
C-4 to your door, no beef no more, nigga
Feel the rough, scandalous
The more weed smoke I puff, the more dangerous
I don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa come for you?
I'm not runnin', nigga, I bust my gun and
Hold on, I hear somebody comin'
[skit]
C'mon, motherfucker
Man, I'm comin' as fast as I can
Just g- bring your motherfuckin' ass on, come on
Are we gettin' close, huh?
It's right over here
You sure it's Biggie Smalls crib, man?
Yeah, I'm sure, motherfucker, come on
Man, fuck, this better be his motherfuckin' house
Fuck, right here
Tsk, this better be this motherfucker's house
Oh shit
What? What's wrong?
What's that red dot on your head, man?
What red dot?
Oh shit! You got a red dot on your head, too
Oh shit!

[intro]
[verse 1]
You know the happenings, homies just yappin' and
Hand shaking, laughing, and exchangin' all they math again
You usually lose touch when you travelin'
A few dudes bruised up in the battlin'
Parked on across from the
We talked about the tattlin' some niggas did in
Plus discussed old homicides unravelin'
I asked, was he dabblin', he laughed and said he managin'
His Carti frames was as clear as a camera lens
He hardly changed, I was near in comparison
We joked about how police choked him out
And he claimed as far as fame I had enough to bust in Oprah's mouth
In other words, I was up in clout
And from the curb I need to pull a Larry Bird, 'fore I'm up and out
a sound, snatched my off the ground
Rose up, gave him a pound and told him, "Homie, hold it down"
[hook]
You know the game insane in the brain
Big things in the Range, real niggas never change
And though we homies and we no longer hang
You know you know me and that love still remains
So through the fame, through the fire and the flames
I adapt to the pain, real niggas do the same
And though we homies and we no longer hang
You know you know me and that love still remains
[verse 2]
It was when I saw him, figured Friday I could call him
Woke up early morning, flew a chick in from New
She ain't that average bitch who be doggin' for dick
You know them chicks that get you sick when they keep callin'
Up in 's for a fresh pair to floss 'em
Of course with footwear I be that first nigga that sport 'em
Caught 'em before the salesmen even had time to assort 'em
Bought 'em before any celeb stylist ever saw 'em
Wore 'em soon as I copped 'em in the spot playing possum
my destination, lacing, weighing my options
Celly started rockin', I answered, what's poppin'
They answered and said, they shot him, now the hood got a problem
I had to swallow, reaching out for my water bottle
Tryin' to figure what nigga, why and by who, then
Before you know it, the other voice told it
It was homie from the old clique I just seen and spoke with
[hook]
[verse 3]
It's Doe or Die, we survive 'till we slain
And it's no surprise, homie was probably high when they came
I know the guy, he was fly, him and I was the same
A Gemini, with a status symbolized as his name
Godly trained, he could camouflage on any terrain
Carti frames, we go back like and James
It's a shame cause they say his baby mom is to blame
But nonchalantly I refrained cause it constantly changed
From close range, somebody please slowly explain
If they just wanted some jewels why didn't they go for the chain
If they just wanted some news they could've left him in his Hanes
But no, they just left a nigga breathless and banged
[hook]
[produced by the heatmakerz]

[produced by kane beatz]
[verse 1: lil wayne]
Man, fuck these niggas!
I'ma spare everything but these niggas
I flip the gun and gun-butt these niggas
Take the knife off the AK and cut these niggas (Kane is in the building, nigga)
Yeah, and fuck these bitches
I swear I care about everything but these bitches
I don't care, I "so what" these bitches
And I put Young Mula, baby, way above these bitches
Ha! If it ain't broke, don't break it
And-And-And if he ain't shook, I'm gon' shake him
Hope I don't look weak, 'cause when a wolf cry wolf
You still see that wolf teeth, mothafucka
Ha! Fu-Fu- handgun
If you act foul, you get two shots and one, haha
I'm at your face like , haha
You niggas softer than 's son, hey
You cannot reach me on my
I'm busy fuckin' the world and givin' the universe my damn tongue
Ha, crazy motherfucker, I am one, ha
But the crazy thing is, I began one
Hehe! All-white bricks
I'm straight like it's jumping back to 36, nigga!
Big house, long hallways
Got 10 bathrooms, I could shit all day, nigga
[chorus: lil wayne]
And we don't want no problems
Okay, you're a goon, what's a goon to a goblin?
Yeah, and Kane on the beat
I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street, oooh
Now, pop that pussy
I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy
Uh-huh, and we be steady mobbin'
Whoa, , big ballin' is my hobby
[verse 2: gucci mane]
What the fuck is up? (Up) It's Gucci Mane the G (S'Gucci)
Ask Tity Boi, no pity, boy; this scar city, the city boy (What?)
So Icy; so, no Nike, boy
Just Gucci, Louis, Prada, 'scuse me ('Scuse me)
"Gucci Mane keep shittin' on me, why that boy keep buying jewelry?" (Kane is in the building, nigga)
East cockin' hammers, bandannas on car antennas (Ugh)
No, we do not talk to strangers
Just cut off these niggas' fingers (Huh)
Gucci's armed and dangerous, cocaine, codeine and angel dust
This AK-47 will hit ya everywhere from the ankle up (Ankle)
Gun same size as Nia Long, clip long as a can (Damn)
4-5 Desert Eagle on me, you'll think I'm a Eagles fan (Huh)
Toni sniper rifle, make you never breathe again (Hah)
Fuck that nigga, kill that nigga, bring him back, kill him again Gucci!
[verse 3: lil wayne]
Yeah, the-the-the money is the motive
Fuck with the money, it get ugly as Coyote
"Okay, I'm reloaded," better pull it if you tote it
I buy a pound, break it down, and put it in a stogie
so bright, I don't even need light
I'm with a model broad, she don't even eat rice, ha
But, would you believe it? She eat dykes
And she asked me for a picture, so I gave her three strikes, yeah
I-I'm the man around this motherfucker
I'm so hot, you probably catch a tan around this motherfucker
This rap game, I got my hand around this motherfucker
Yeah, I said "game," but I ain't playing around this motherfucker!
Yeah! I'm the best to ever do it, bitch, haha
And you're the best at never doing shit
If you the shit, then I'm sewerage
Tr-try me and I'll have your people reading eulogies, haha
I swear, you can't fuck with me
But I can fuck your girl, and make her nut for me, then slut for me
Then kill for me, then steal for me, and of course, it'll be your cash
Then I'll murder that bitch and send her body back to your ass
[chorus: lil wayne]
And-And we don't want no problems
Oka-Okay, you're a goon, what's a goon to a goblin?
Yeah, and Kane on the beat
I-I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street, oooh
Now, pop that pussy
I-I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy
Uh-huh, and we be steady mobbin'
Whoa, , big ballin' is my hobby
[verse 4: lil wayne]
Ugh! M-Man, suck my clip
my bullets, and don't you spit, ughh!
I am the hip-hop socialist
Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chips
Do you want a dose of this? I will make the most of this
"F" is for ferocious, murder your associates
The top is so appropriate, this is just where I belong
Keep a hard dick for your girlfriend to wobble on, Weez'!
[chorus: lil wayne]
And-And we don't want no problems
Oka-Okay, you're a goon, what's a goon to a goblin?
I-I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street, oohh
I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy
Kane is in the building, nigga
I-I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street, oohh

[intro: the notorious b.i.g.]
Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin' rich
[verse 1]
To all my motherfuckin' gettin' money hoes
, sellin' clothes
And all my ghetto bitches in the projects
Comin' through like bulldozers
No, we ain't sober
Bum bitches know better than to start shit
Niggas love a hard bitch
One that get up in a nigga's ass quicker than an enema
Make a cat bleed then sprinkle it with vinegar
Kidnap the senator
Make him call his wife and say he never comin' home
Kim got 'em in the zone, beatin' they dicks
Even got some of these straight chicks rubbin' their tits
What? I'm lovin' this shit, Queen Bitch!
What bitch you know can thug it like this?
if I was dude and hittin' cats from the back
With no strings attached, yeah nigga, picture that
I treat y'all niggas like y'all treat us, no doubt
Ay yo, yo, come here so I can bust in ya mouth
[chorus: lil' kim & bristal]
Ay yo, come here, bitch
Nigga, fuck you!
No, fuck you, bitch
Who you talkin' to?
Why you actin' like a bitch?
'Cause y'all niggas ain't shit
And if I was dude I'd tell y'all to suck my dick
[verse 2]
No, no, no, no
All I wanna do is get my pussy sucked (Nigga!)
Count a million bucks in the back of an armor truck
While I get you fucked up off the T.O.N.Y
The BX, the chron-chron and the list goes on and on
(On and on and on) like Erykah Badu
Once he drink the Remy down, ooh, I got this nigga now
He asked me did I love him I said what came to mind
Like niggas be doin': "Yeah baby, I love you long time"
Look I ain't tryin' to suck ya, I might not even fuck ya
Just lay me on this bed and give me some head
Got the camcord layin' in the drawer where he can't see
Can't wait to show my girls he sucked the piss out my pussy
Been doin' this for years, no need to practice
Take lessons from the Queen and you'll know how to mack this
Niggas know he gave me all his cake
I peeled the Benji's off and threw the singles back in his face
[chorus: lil' kim & bristal]
Ay yo, come here, bitch
Nigga, fuck you!
No, fuck you, bitch
Who you talkin' to?
Why you actin' like a bitch?
'Cause y'all niggas ain't shit
And if I was dude I'd tell y'all to suck my dick
[verse 3]
I'ma keep it real, for the dough I might kill
I'm tryna see my face on a hunnid dolla bill
Met this dude name Jaleel at this fight
He said he'd pay me ten grand just to belly dance
Cum all on his pants
I met him at the studio
He showed up with his homeboy named Julio
I said "Whoa! Who's the other guy?
Hope you know you payin' extra for this fuckin' third eye"
about him, I knew he was a phony
Put the burner in his mouth: "Fool, Give me my money!"
He was just a nigga frontin' like he knew mad stars
In his homeboy's whips like he got mad cars
Niggas ain't shit but they still can trick
All they can do for me is suck my clit
I'm jumpin' up and up after I cum
' they gon' get some pussy but they gets none
[chorus: lil' kim & bristal]

[verse 1: malice]
Say dawg, let's not get involved
You don't wanna tango, I'll dress you in a halo
Cock the gauge, polka dot your braids
Face you with a chrome 4 that'll lock your legs
And you can't move, I roll big and I can't lose
They watch so hard, ain't nothing I do that ain't news
Carry it like I'm a stranger to the game
I cut short any whisper that endanger my name
I hold toasts on both coasts, not for no joke
I'm known in the streets on the account I know coke
And we got word that the cops watch us
But that don't stop us, we maneuver and move a little more cautious
I hate to think that the dope game is my callin'
Cause it got us singing lullabies to our fallen:
"Good night friend, 'til we meet again
But for now in your name, we re-up and eat again"
Uh, I never front like I'm something I'm not
But being broke, well that's just something I'm not
Y'all talk with hatred, but I live off that
And I lived off cocaine way 'fore I lived off rap
Feel me, friend, if they could, they'd kill me, friend
Cause I weigh too much, learned not to say too much
They couldn't take me in the CL, that's way too much
And I'm too gone, y'all niggas can talk on
[verse 2: fabolous]
They call me Mr. Please--It, believe it please
I put the pump in your mouth and help you breath with ease
This guy's in a hurry
Ma, I can't even fuck with you if you ain't in the itinerary
I don't know where dudes is buying their jewelry
Why's your ice cream, like it's made by Ben & Jerry?
Y'all the type of players that be getting two-day contracts
E-mail snitch got Ds in your two-way contacts
I'm in the club sippin' on that new 'Ze cognac
In the number 9 with the deuce trey on back
The Street Family so cool, we could pull bitches
Even if it was July and we had on 's
I got them teflons, to shove in the 4
That have undercovers and po', recovering slow
The government know, the kid been loving the dough
Since I was moving white off the curb like shoveling snow
Ghetto
[verse 3: pusha t]
I keep the streets so numb they call me ""
I turn over 'caine, over and over again
Hell, so much clientele
I could lose it all today, be back the next day
Still up in the same way
As I left ya, all in three gestures: down, up and aim
I can define death better than , wet ya
Now bless ya, and off to my next venture
Blocks so white, June look like
: snow everywhere, flow everywhere
So much dough, I fly my hoes everywhere
Ask him, Pusha T, Pusha-Ton
Push a ton of that shit that makes ya nose run
Yes I'm holding, whether it's heat or coke in
In the door panel of my four-wheel motion
Ain't jokin', but I laugh how other flows convince you
It's money, it's funny, it's Comedy
Mine's mental, others is made up stencil
When I'm on vacation, my babies ride in a rental
I'm livid, they act as if I don't live it
Saran wrap , so they can't sniff it
Yves St. knitted, shorts bermuda
You would think they was Pucci if you overlooked Medusa

[verse 1: ab-liva]
I'm a hustla, I'm a I'm a hustla homie
'97 had a brick by the muffler crony
to my select preferred customers only
The white horse cooked tan you can call it the pony
It's only the soft it twists like a wrestler on me
It hardens, it cools I prove I'm a juggler whoadie
Glock popped got it cheap I'mma smother you
and govern the corner you hugged then I shuffle you roadie
Face it they change, the game's never loving you sorry
You live for the moment it's gone then they cover you homie
Back against the wall, post up never fall
Never fail, keep a burner close you can fend them off
Get that 10 up off the car and you let it off
Sort of like Avon and Marlo when you set it off
[Bet it all!] Nigga it's war till the metal's off
[Dead 'em all!] Nigga we ride till the pedal's off
[verse 2: pusha t]
with the verse I'm as genius as Ray
You niggas seeing nothing on the Zenith like Rae
Black hand white keys ya'll seen this I'm Ray
Got more white in the hood than the KKK
The grand wizard of that almighty blizzard
My numbers come scissored, I be where they breeding lizards
Now nigga go figure I ain't been out in two
jewels twice the upgrade was more blue
Now if you got a question nigga save that for Clue
But if you know the answer than you probably copped from dude
blueish the hues is the newest, the sickest shit the chain is so gratuitous
Break it shake it bake it then you cools it, treat it like them whiteys at Nike and just do it
Hot as me? Fuck no, they mockeries
Flows get quoted like ' philosophies
[hook]
R-E-U-P G-A-N-G
R-E-U-P G-A-N-G
[verse 3: sandman]
While everybody snitching my niggas play their position
Either you hugged the block or cooked in the kitchen
Or you was a master, good with your fingers
Trying to bag a slab up while that's still wet
Cause the fiends is hovering, smothering fussing and they frustrated with headaches
The rock be their bufferin
'94 till now the block still jumping and
Proper raw was found when niggas had nothing in
I used to scuffle them, 22 illusions
Color top stop don't confuse them
Other blocks hot cause they're losing
Hot cause of shootings
Niggas getting rocked like powder, that's power
I'm in and out of there though
Your hood bitch look good de
Rio even she know, kilos I throw at least 3 like cee-lo every time
[verse 4: malice]
The bigger they are the harder they fall
theory or life behind bars
When faced with the time they telling it all
That's the risk that you take playing neighborhood czar
Not just your name, your race is betrayed
You're the bottom of the food chain, I spit on your grave
You're the modern day capturing slaves
How you live with yourself yet can't escape your face
I put it in the street and they can't escape the taste
It just keep calling the white when it harden
I'm so at home with it like the Knicks in the Garden
And I can't say that it don't beat starving
Any given time Malice with the arsenal
Ya'll be wearing rosary beads like the cardinal
Of the roman catholic man the boy's classic reading two hundred for the speed where the dash is

[intro]
So you made it this far
We upstairs
I let you up here
You special
Marley, don't shoot 'em
You know what this is
It's still Tha Carter II, people
It's still Tha Carter II, people
Yeah, you're still in Tha Carter II, people
Hey, yeah
[verse]
All I have in this world is a pistol and a promise
A fistful of dollars, a list full of problems
I address 'em like P.O. boxes
Yeah, I'm from New , the Creole cockpit
We so out of it, zero tolerance
gumbo, I'll serve 'em a pot of it
I'm wealthy, still fuckin' with that block shit
Wet your ass up head to feet 'til your socks drip
Don't slip, you might fall and bust your ass
No snakes at the Carter, tell the gardener cut the grass
I hear 'em, but they talking under masks
Stop throwing pebbles at a bulletproof glass
That's Cash Money, honeypie
We ain't running, we don't hide
', "Fuck the other side"
Don't get caught on it
This the deadliest grinds, I put your heart on it
And walk on it
The chalk's only for the art, homie
How they trace ya after I erase ya?
Look around
We at war and you still in preparation
I'm ridin' for them reparations, no patience
Slow paper is better than no paper
Fast money don't last too long, you got to pace it
You gotta know that paper
If you got it from a caper, gotta blow that paper
Gotta know that
, no Kodak moments
Feds walls with my pictures on 'em, naw
I ain't even in the school yearbook
I don't do too much posing, got a cool killer look, ah
Career crook, get your career took
I'm back like a brassiere hook
Bitch, cheer
gear, the hunter's here
Better play it by ear
You ain't nothing but a deer
Around here, and this here is Tha Carter
Serve it while it's hot out the pot to your mama
And Slim tell me ain't nobody hotter
But get your boy some dipping sauce, I want the whole enchilada
I got 'em by the collar, watch me drop 'em
On they head at the bottom
You ain't got to shoot 'em 'cause I already shot 'em
And I ain't got to get 'em 'cause I already got 'em
Get 'em

[intro]
Ahem
Weezy F
Young Money, Cash Money
This is Da 3, ladies and gentlemen
And you know me
Let's go
[hook]
You know I ride for my motherfucking niggas
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
They tell me, "Don't get high" and I should try to make a living
I tell 'em I'm a hustler, and I'd rather make a killing
[verse 1]
My eyes get so wide as it rise in the skillet
I let my bitch bag it; if she steal it, I'ma kill her
I bulletproof the ride, now I feel like armadillos
And fuck your hospital - Young Money, we the illest
And I ain't gotta lie when I tell you I'm the illest
My flow is nasty, like C-Y-philis
Self-made G, and them bitches know the business
on rap, but in the kitchen I'm a chemist
And when I was five my favorite movie was The
Ain't got shit to do with this, but I just thought that I should mention
You looking for divine and a lil' intervention
And them birds don't fly without my permission
I'm probably in the sky, flying with the fishes
Or maybe in the ocean, swimming with the pigeons
See, my world is different, like Dwayne Wayne
And if you want trouble, bitch, I want the same thing
[hook]
And you know that I'ma ride with my motherfucking niggas
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
Don't worry 'bout mine, I'ma grind 'til I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
'Cause the sky is the limit
And if you look high, you'll see that I'm gon' be in it
[verse 2]
Buck-ten in the coupe, and your bitch love it
lanes faster than she switch subjects
Tell a bitch, "Don't talk to me
And if you're talking to them niggas, don't talk for free"
And I hate when a nigga say, "Talk is cheap"
'Cause I'm the type that let money talk for me, yeah
My flow is art - unique, yeah
My flow can part a sea
The only thing on a mind of a shark is "Eat"
By any means, and you just sardines
I got the 40-cal. tucked in my P-R-Ps
What do you expect? I'm from New
The majority of my city is riders
They tried to make a brand-new map without us
But the tourists come down and spend too many dollars
And no matter how you change it, it'll still be ours
[hook]
And I'ma ride with my motherfucking niggas
Don't worry 'bout mine, I'ma grind 'til I get it
And I'ma tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
Yeah, the sky is the limit
And if you look up high, you'll see that I'm gon' be in it
'Cause the sky is the limit
[verse 3]
And you don't want to fuck with a soldier
Use your head or I'll take it off your shoulder
Run up in your house and shoot everyone that's sitting
On the living room sofa - that's fucked up, haha
And you don't want to fuck with a soldier
Use your head or I'll take it off your shoulder
Mail it to your Moms with a dozen of roses
Haha, now that's fucked up
And I'm a G
And you ain't got to know the alphabets to see
I know my whole city is depending on me
And I forget a lot of shit, but I cannot forget the streets
[hook]
So you know that I'ma ride with my motherfucking niggas
Don't worry about mine, I'ma grind 'til I get it
Yeah, the sky is the limit
And if you look high, you'll see that I'm gon' be in it
They tell me, "Don't get high" and I should try to make a living
I tell 'em I'm a hustler, and I'd rather make a killing
Hands up in the air, because the sky is the limit
Can you see me up there? The sky is the limit
If you don't remember nothing, man, the sky is the limit

[hook: jadakiss, lil wayne & birdman]
Start with straight shots and then pop bottles (yeah)
Flirt with the hood rats then pop models (uh-huh)
Start with straight shots and then pop bottles (yeah)
Flirt with the hood rats then pop models
Okay we poppin' champagne like we won a championship game
Look like I got on a championship ring
'Cause I ball hard, no bitch, we ball harder
I am the , and I'm the J.R.-ah
[verse 1: lil wayne]
Okay, start with straight shots and then pop bottles
Pour it on the models, shut up bitch, swallow
If you can't swallow, shut up bitch, gargle
up out that water with my Marc Jacobs goggles
I'm fresher than a muh'fucker, yep I'm a muh'fucker
No I wouldn't take your girl but I'll sure take her tongue from her
Can't you tell I'm in love woman, like no other woman?
Oh I'm sorry sweetheart, I thought you were my other woman
My bad!
[hook: jadakiss, lil wayne & birdman]
Flirt with the hood rats then pop models (uh-huh)
Flirt with the hood rats then pop models
Okay we poppin' champagne like we won a championship game
Look like I got on a championship ring
Cause I ball hard, no bitch we ball harder
I am the , and I'm the J.R.-ah
[verse 2: birdman]
Now as I recline behind my desk
I ain't got a lot of Nikes but I got a lot of checks (money)
Got my own shoe, brand new on the set
Went from sittin' in a cell, to sittin' on a jet
From shittin' in a cell, to shittin' on a jet
I lost too many friends, but I won too many bets
I made too much money, I ain't make enough yet
So I scratch, and yes, Junior is the best
So many niggas from my hood on they back
So many niggas from your hood on they back
That's why we so paid and it be like that
I'd rather pop a bottle, before I pop a gat
[hook: jadakiss, lil' wayne & birdman]
Flirt with the hood rats then pop models (well uh-huh)
[verse 3: birdman]
Yeah, only sipping red champagne
White tee, red hat, red bandanna
Uptown, choppers for companions
Fuckin' with the , we choppin' your companion
Fuckin' with my son and we run up in your mansion
make music, bitch start dancin'
Stunna man back so you know the circumstances
And I'm cookin' up the "Carter III", no advances
All my cars automative, automatic
No lie, we don't even drive no Aston
Uptown, we packin' and we stackin'
Young Money, Cash Money, we the champions
[hook: jadakiss, lil wayne & birdman]
[outro: lil wayne]
Ya dig?!

[produced by ty-tracks]
[intro]
Killa! (Killa!), Dipset, man
Ayo you know I've been all over the motherfucking world, man
But ain't no place like Harlem, man
Let me break it down, man
[verse 1]
We tie dynamite to the rhino type, wino might find yo' sight
Sell the information for a dime of white, that China-China
I'm behind the diner, selling marijuana to a minor-miner
Elder fella; looking for that shine? I'll shine ya
My mind designer. You a dime? I'll dine ya
momma, body bottled, you're fine. I'm finer
Time to climb her, climb behind vagina
Then I hymen-grind her 'til her mom remind her
blind her; vision's gone, kiss her palm
Turn her arm, lift her arm, notice that her wrists is raw
"Gotta get it right ma, we gon' get along"
Said "how?" "don't trip," but, yo, the trick is wrong
First visi-on, day job tick-a-tron
, Mr. Mom, bootleg Cris' and Dom
Chris and Don, and their sister Carm
They sell yay', you'll say "yay, this shit's the bomb"
I'ma hit my man, tell 'em you my pick upon
The rest, so yes, you'll be blessed to hit the intercom
You know, kiss his mom, she gave him wisdom charm
And their father come from a long list of dons
And I get it cheaper, I cop bricks like sneakers
And if the cops come, I just hit amnesia
But I give you an earful, it's tearful
Told my mother I hustle and she said "be careful"
[chorus]
Why I feel like I'm losing weight?
Why I ain't got no money if I'm moving weight?
My life's based upon what I'ma do this year
Cop a boat, cop a Lear
Now the army suit's cute with my chocolate Airs
You ain't gotta stare, go cop a pair
Still the scrutiny, nothing they can do to me
I made sure my mother and girl is smothered in pearls
When a nigga under the world (Killa!)
[verse 2]
like, "Cam got the recipe now!"
Not them 3 girls, I got to be 's Child (gotta be me)
equities, reckon we smile
, tech to tech and use the TEC that we wile
deceptive, receptive of fouls
Hectic, & Koch
on the set of my sales
Nah, I ain't gonna be embedded in jail
to a cellmate in a bed in a jail, dog
I broke bread with the whale, fled from some seals (what else?)
And the house, I was the head of the hills, shit
You get a dumb ho, and get dumb-happy
Go to the gun show, get gun-happy (who are we?)
Stuck, killed, mugged, milled
Tone, flint, sticks, bo, Chub's milk (what up, y'all)
Pucci baba, but I got the hardest shells
We the gun cartel, nigga (nigga)
Ya, we'll just clap up your brains, snatch up your chains
See dog? Rap is my aim
But I'm a hustler, in my heart, trapped is the game
to my frame, tapped to my brain, the fact still remains:
It wasn't rap, it was crack that got the racks on the Range
Look dog, don't be asking for Dame, see
, I don't own that man
And anyway, homeboy, you a grown-ass man, shit
And when I rap it ain't no punchline (not at all)
I be on the highway dirty, crunch time
No timeouts homeboy, just one time
If they find that stash box just one time
Shit, they'll put the dogs in the truck
Side of the road, holding you up, you cold as a fuck
They want that button, lunge it and push it
Soon as they lunge it and push it, I run in the bushes
That's how I play mine, jump over the grapevine
Take my chances one-on-one with the K9
Steel and a clip for anyone squealing they lips
Fuck y'all if y'all ain't feeling the Dips (Killa, Killa!)
[chorus]
Why I feel like I'm losing weight?
Why I ain't got no money if I'm moving weight?
My life's based upon what I'ma do this year
Cop a boat, cop a Lear
Now the army suit's cute with my chocolate Airs
You ain't gotta stare, go cop a pair
Still the scrutiny, nothing they can do to me
I made sure my mother and girl is smothered in pearls
When a nigga under the world (Killa!)

[intro]
Doctor C
[verse 1]
Yo, I plan to build myself a facility before I'm forty
A molecular archeogenetic laboratory
That can analyze complex poetry data for me even if it was recorded poorly
How extraordinary
I frog leap over awkward beats
Then I separate rappers by their Carbon-14's
To determine the age of anything ever made
of how the outside surface has changed
I put a curse on your name, bombard your brain
With gamma X-rays 'til you burst into flames
With the scientifically quantifiable megalomaniacal viable style
It's like trying to ride a bull
Let's have a dictionary duel after school
Check me into a nice Cedars-Sinai room
So I can get sick as the flu, spittin' the truth
If you ain't got this album, you missing the proof
for your doom my nuclear rocket plumes
Glow against the pale background of the Moon
Toxic fumes spoil complete stocks of fruits and foods
your flammable boxes of booze
Got in the groove even though I'm not in the mood
you didn't win 'cause I can't lose
Give the fans the chance to choose, fuck you!
Who's the illest? Who's it really up to?
fire, you better run for the pacifier
Tie you up and drown you in the saliva quagmire
'Til your oxygen expires and your lungs dry up
Cause you said Bis ain't dope, you a damn liar
for hire over beats by Kyros
Flow like the Tigris, with the eye of the tiger in my iris
is a fighter
, my great grandfather was Irish
Let's roll the dices, I'll break you like young Tyson
Give me the mic man, I don't need no hype man
Put a thousand on me, put one on him
I tear off his limbs, throw him in and tell him to swim
Yo, I soak that sugar-coated shit in soy sauce
Tell the FCC boss, turn that noise off
Call 's Mafia Boss
Tell him, "Yo, I got a job for you, I want you to bust his balls"
Drop him off by Falls
Write my name on a banana and put the banana between his jaws
Nobody disrespects lyrical law
I'm the best there ever is and the best ever was
like a grunt face down in the mud
With blood, sweat, and tears, sucking it up
Yo, you wonder where I am right now?
I'm probably somewhere on the microphone fucking it up
Dead or alive, will live through the rhyme
To be the illest on the mic is a mission of mine
' divine, you can't get it twisted this time
Vocal with a mirror to make sure my lips align
Doctor C, Ph. D, graduated from UMG
Bright as the LCD display on a new MP
of a true MC
With 3D topography maps you can't see
on Broad Street, wrapping CD's
In butcher paper, doing artwork with
If you don't like the quality, then talk to me
What the fuck you on the website for you creep?
the keys, remember that sound
That's exactly what it sounds like when I'm punching your teeth
Kick a rap, bitch, if you've got the gumption to speak
Stand next to me, I might put a lump in your meat
Diss you and your man, double the beef
To tell you the truth, I thought your rebuttal was weak
Round the outside, blah blah, et cetera et cetera
The body of my literature is bigger than South
Nigga look, this is all I got to say
Suck my P-H-D-I-C-K

[verse 1: kanye west]
It's what you all been waiting for, ain't it?
What people pay paper for, damn it
They can't stand it, they want something new
So let's get reacquainted, became the hood favorite
I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too
[chorus: kanye west]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds
[refrain: kanye west]
We outta here, baby! We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!
[verse 2: kanye west]
Dude! Fresh off the plane-, bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
Ask for it, I did it-that asshole done did it
Talked it, then he lived it, spit it, then he shit it
I don't need writers, I might bounce ideas
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year?
They say, "He goin' crazy and we seen this before"
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga, please, how you gon' say I ain't no Lo-head?
'Cause my Dior got me more model head?
I'm insulted, you should go 'head
And bow so hard 'til your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top five MCs, you ain't gotta remind me
Top five MCs, you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me
But my head's so big, you can't sit behind me
[chorus: kanye west]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds
[refrain: lil wayne]
Yeah, yeah, we outta here, baby!
What? What? We outta here, baby!
Ayy, Mr. West, we so outta here, baby!
And me? I'm Mr. Weezy Baby, yeah!
[verse 3: lil wayne]
I'm so bright, not shady
My teeth and my ice so white like Shady
Ice in my teeth so refrigerated
I'm so fuckin' good like I'm sleepin' with Meagan (Ha!)
I'm all about my , , and
they make them, I shall hayve them
Oops, I meant "have them"-I'm so crazy
But if you play crazy, you be sleeping with daisies
I'm such a hayvoc-oops, I meant "havoc"
And my drink's still pinker than the Easter rabbit
And I'm still col' like 's family
Stove on my waist turn beef to patties (Bow!)
And I ate it 'cause I'm so avid (No homo)
And I don't front and I don't go backwards
And I don't practice, and I don't lack shit
And you can get buried-suck my bat, bitch (ha!)
[refrain: kanye west & lil wayne]
We outta here, baby!
Swag at a hundred and climbin', baby, yeah!
[chorus: lil wayne]

[intro]
(Weezy Baby)
Shh, the fireman comin'
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Uh-oh)
Yeah (Uh-oh, hey, I'm back), yeah
Yeah (That's right), yup (), yup
(They gon' have to call the law), uh-huh (I'm burnin', shawty)
I'm back (I tried told 'em)
What you, oh, what you gon' do now? (Yeah)
[chorus]
I'm the fireman (Yeah), fire, f-fireman (Yeah)
I got that fire, I'm hollering (Yeah)
I got that fire, come and try me, and (Yeah)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em, get 'em)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em)
[verse 1]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me, man (Uh-uh)
He-Man, ski mask, spendin' next week's cash, he fast (Oh)
And I don't even need a G-pass, I'm past that
I'm passin' 'em out now (Yeah), and you can't have that (Yeah)
And my chain, Toucan Sam that
colors, you can't match that (Oh, no)
Gotta be abstract (Oh, no)
You catch my girl legs open, better smash that (What?)
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at (Boy)
I see she wearin' them jeans that show her buttcrack (Hey)
My girls can't wear that, why? That's where my stash at (Uh-uh-uh)
I put my MAC down (Yeah), that's where you lack at (Yeah)
She need her candle lit (Yeah), and I'ma wax that (Got 'em)
I rekindled the flame (Got 'em), she remember the name (Got 'em)
It's Weezy Baby, , , the same (Who?)
Mama, give me that brain (Yeah), mama, give me that good (Yeah)
'Cause I'm the fireman (Oh), you hear the fire truck
[chorus]
I'm the fireman (Yeah), fire, f-fireman (Yeah)
I got that fire, I'm hollering (Yeah)
I got that fire, come and try me, and (Yeah)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em, get 'em)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em)
[verse 2]
Fresh on campus, it's the Junior (Yeah)
Money too long, teachers, put away your rulers (Yeah)
Raw Tune, not a cartoon (Ayy)
No shirt, tattoos, and some war wounds (Sexy)
I'm hot, but the car cool
She wet, that's a car-pool
Been in that water since a youngin, you just shark food (Yum, yum)
Quick Draw McGraw, I went to art school (Hah)
Yeah, the lights is bright, but I got a short fuse (Woah)
Don't snooze (No)
Been handlin' the game so long, my thumbs bruised
Your new girlfriend is old news
You ain't got enough green and she so blue, yeah (Aww)
Cash Money , where dreams come true (Yes)
is easy, baby, leave it up to Weezy Baby
Put it in the pot, let it steam, let it brew (Yes)
Now, watch me melt, don't burn yourself, 'cause
[chorus]
[verse 3]
Yeah, riding by myself, well, really, not really (Well)
So heavy in the trunk, make the car pop a wheelie
Who? Weezy Baby, or call me Young Baby (Yeah)
My money three-sixty, you only one-eighty (That's right)
Half of the game too lazy (Yeah)
Still sleeping on me, but I'm 'bout to wake 'em, yep
I'm 'bout to take 'em to New and bake 'em (Woah)
Yeah, it's hot down here, take a walk with Satan, yeah (Hot)
Come on mama, let the Carter make you (Yeah)
Toss you like a fruit salad, strawberry grape you (Yeah)
They ball when they can and I'm ballin' by nature (Yeah)
to the game like Jordan and Payton (Come on)
Y'all in the race and me, I'm at the finish line (Uh-huh)
Been runnin' for too long, it's time to give me mine (Uh-huh)
down your chimney, in your living room, it's I (Who?)
Weezy, allergic to wintertime, hot
[chorus]
[outro]
Yeah, I-I-I-I-I got 'em
I-I-I-I-I got 'em
Ayy, ayy, B, I got 'em
Ayy, ayy, D, I got 'em
Yeah, ayy, Slim, I got 'em
Yeah, don't worry, 'cause I, I, I
I, don't worry, 'cause I, I, I-I-I
I'ma put you out

[intro: lil wayne]
Yeah, hit me with the snares, Fresh
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, just the snares, Fresh
Ch-ch-ch-ch, I like the snares, Fresh
Ch-ch-ch-ch, I'ma ride the snares all the way though this thing right here
Drum section Weezy Baby
[?] once again
What up? This is what they call me, Dutch!
[verse 1: lil wayne]
Eagle, Eagle Carter man
In a '96 Regal contraband
On my way to the east to the laundromat
Got to wash that money and get on my ass
Gotta flip them bricks it be gone so fast
I got to do something I done blown my last
Dollar holler at your boy on the ave
And that cheap perico is what I'm known to have
Shit tend to be slow I put on the mask
And make it and take all your bags
I say Holly-hollygrove won't you go and stand up
And make these motherfuckers understand
I say, "Look coach they pitching at me under hand"
But I'm a designated hitter I adjust so fast
Ya'll men designing women, I'm a woman's man
I'm the Cash Money prince blow the trumpets band, and
They say they want the drugs to stop
But I'm a major set back when my album drop
I got that wet crack flow out ya mami's pot
I got that jet black four at ya mami's spot
I'm trying to get back door I demand it now
Yeah, panic now, you better pan it down
'Fore the neighbors they overhear me tear it down
Yeah it's Weezy F. Baby and his crown, the prince
[chorus: reel]
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own
Let's get it on
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own
Let's get it on
[verse 2: lil wayne]
And the handgun is so included
Don't get it confused I want no confusion
And keep ya ho I don't want your contusions
I make my hoes stop and let the dough keep moving
A bitch over some money is a hungry nuisance
It's money over bitches that I am going to keep proving
It's Weezy F, I got ya momma groovin'
Out of all the Hot Boys she say I'm the coolest
I bought my bag of oranges its time to juice it
This game is a bitch and I'm trying to seduce it
I floss, a awful lot of haters try and reduce it
But the laser on the 45 is eyeing you stupid
One shot to remind you who is
That fly little nigga that's behind the trigger, Wizzle
I'm off chronic combined with liquor
But niggas'll never see me like Momma Tigger
A 80's-baby a fighting nigga
I got it on my mind like a psychic nigga
I'm something you call pepper like a Viking slick
See me over the viking stove I'm whitening bricks
Or in the middle of the shoot out untightening clips
Pop another one shoot back while lighting a spliff
I do this you catching my drift
with my section on my belly and shit
I am the prince
[chorus: reel]
[verse 3: lil wayne]
So roll the carpet out
'Cause you fucking with a nigga from the royal South
See you either in or you out and if you out stay in 'cause them warriors out
Those vultures, them cops, and the lawyers out
I just open up the gate and let my hoyas out
No nigga I never call your house I'm probably somewhere taking Toya out
Not answering my phone, man, ignoring ya spouse
She leaving messages about me enjoying her mouth
Hey I'm ready to knock a boy in the mouth
Give me the name naw better yet point him out
Hey, me and the streets got a joint account
I'm from the streets that you need to be warned about
New whoa they put the gat in your mouth
And we tote a lot of iron to flatten you out
Few roaches but never had no rats in this house
Never tell on one another leave that in the house
Always been a small hustler moving my packaging out
I ever run into some trouble send them savages out
These niggas talking sweet I get them cavities out
I got graveyard fliers man I'm passing them out
Hey bitch nigga get ya ass on the ground and bow down to ya majesty now I am the prince

[hook]
They wan' do whatever I wan' do
I got the 40 cal and my nigga got one too
They wan' do whatever I wan' do
I got the 12 gauge and my nigga got one too
I got the MAC 11 and my nigga got one too
So go 'head and fuck around we me if they want to
[verse]
I hear the rumors, but niggas won't say they said it
They know Duke got a shooter like JJ Redick
You'd think niggas was G4s the way they jetted
'Cause when they AK's wet it, then your Pelle shredded
They sick, I got the chick that some say they sweated
But cryin' over chicks is the shit that got AJ deaded
Plus, I wipe my ass wit the pay they netted
Couple scams, couple grams, that's the way they get it
But me, wasn't for rap I'm probably down South
With the coke that give the fiends the Bobby Brown mouth
Strung like , I brung like 50
It's toxic, shit'll have em' sprung like
Now nigga, you think I'm lettin' a young'n get me?
gettin' chest shots losin' a lung an' kidney?
I'm trey pound revolvin', butterfly carvin'
' to get my jab Tarvin
Anyone botherin' anything I'm involved in
It's Gs on they head like the helmet Brett Favre in
Got a girl I put the X on like she
The outcome, she get to suckin' like she a vacuum
But when it wear off, she could pull a Pam Grier off
Give her a couple hours she'll knock the whole sway off
Them niggas got fired, I just took a year off
I really just was tired of niggas talkin' my ear off
I heard it all before like
The flow'll have niggas that's unsigned panickin'
I might turn ya' back to a punchline fan again
It's crazy how many niggas that one line can offend
(Yo they think you talkin 'bout 'em Fab)
But I don't give a flyin' fuck
Bet I got that iron tucked when I'm in that truck
I'm like crappin' out when it come to tryin' luck
I like ya ace to the dukes when you placed in the booth
bishop, who wanna taste of the juice?
But you gonna end up fallin' on ya face from the roof
I'm waitin' to get the call that Mase on the loose
Next time you see 'em, he'll have his face in a noose
I'm in the club snub on the waist by the boost
Just a taste of the juice just ta' chase wit' the goose
I need a mami who want her face introduced
To the man behind the zipper, and then I flip her
You could ask the strippers, I'm a very good tipper
I'm paid like a playa but move just like a skipper
I gettin' older, growin' wiser
I been shinin' since 3 fingers and high-risers
I tell the model chicks meet a nigga at the Plaza
And then I beat it up somethin' like a womanizer
a doubt they walkin' out like Kaiser
And you can try me when I'm comin' out but I advise ya mothafucka
[hook]
I got the 40 cal and my nigga got one too
I got the 12 gauge and my nigga got one too
I got the MAC 11 and my nigga got one too
So go 'head and fuck around we me if they want to

[intro: santigold]
, we go hard
We go hard
[chorus: santigold & (jay-z)]
, we go hard, we go hard (Agh!)
, we go hard, we go hard (Go hard)
, we go hard, we go hard
, we go hard, we go hard
[verse 1: jay-z]
This is black hoodie rap
There's no fear in my eyes where they lookin' at
Better look on map
, me nah like to eye fight
Me nah think such a ting is worth a man's life (Christ!)
But if a man test my Stuy
I promise he won't like my reply
Boom-bye-bye, like Buju, I'm crucial
I'm a boy, I may take some gettin' use to
Chain snatchin', ain't have it, gotta get it
Same shiddit, from to
child, Mama pulled double shifts
So the number runners was the only ones I hanged widdith
Before you know it I'm in the game, bang fiddith
Fear no orangutans, piddeel ciddaps
Like oranges-es, I'm dangerous
Please! Tell me what the name of this shit
[hook: santigold & (jay-z)]
we go hard, we go hard (B-R, O, O-K)
we go hard, we go hard (L-Y, N, come again)
we go hard, we go hard (B-R, O, O-K)
we go hard, we go hard (L-Y, N, come again)
[verse 2: jay-z]
I father, I -Dodger them
I jack, I rob, I sin
Aw, man-I'm Jackie
'Cept when I run base, I dodge the pen
Lucky me, luckily, they didn't get me
Now when I bring the Nets, I'm the Black Branch Rickey
From corners, burnin' branches of sticky
Spread love, Biggie; , hippie
I pity the fool with jewels like Mr. T
With no history in my borough, they borrow
With no intentions of returnin' tomorrow
The sun don't come out for many, like Annie
Half-orphan, Mama never had an abortion
Papa sort of did; still, I managed to live
I go hard, I owe it all to the crib
Now please tell me, what the fuck's harder than this?
[hook: santigold & (jay-z)]
[verse 3: santigold]
While I'm doin' my time due to circumstance
Cross that bridge, face the consequence
Once bid ten, now I paid my dues
Risk takers, we break the rules
Get so dark, but I see good
Bed-Stuy stay high in my neck of the woods
Now, let it ring out, it's a warnin'
(!) Let it be sworn in
Gotta make it stick workin' like we blue collar
Rip it to the core, underneath it all we harder
Right into the clip, bring it to the floor
One step, one step, give it up more
The road is rough and the street's a mess
Got big cash dreams and a sick death wish
Robbin' out the commercial stash
Kill the voice screamin' in my head
[hook: santigold]
[outro: santigold]

[intro: the notorious b.i.g.]
("Fuck all you hoes!" Get a grip, motherfucker!)
Yeah, this album is dedicated
To all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothin'
To all the people that lived above the buildings that I was hustlin' in front of
Called the police on me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter (it's all good)
And all the niggas in the struggle
You know what I'm sayin'? It's all good, baby baby
[verse 1: the notorious b.i.g.]
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed in Bambu, sippin' on Stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Rappin' Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucie B, Kid Capri
Flex,
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
[chorus: total & puff daddy]
You know very well (Yeah)
Who you are (Money, hoes and clothes)
Don't let 'em hold you down (, yeah, haha)
Reach for the stars (It's all good)
You had a goal (C'mon)
But not that many (It's all good)
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty (Check it)
[verse 2: the notorious b.i.g.]
I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach
And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the way
The Moet and Alize keep me pissy, girls used to diss me
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rapping stuff
I was too used to packing gats and stuff
Now honeys play me close like butter play toast
From the down to the East Coast
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Living life without fear
Puttin' five karats in my baby girl ear
, brunches, interviews by the pool
a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school
of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
[chorus: total & puff daddy]
You know very well (C'mon)
Who you are ()
Don't let 'em hold you down ()
Reach for the stars ()
You had a goal
But not that many (It's all good)
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty ('94)
[verse 3: the notorious b.i.g.]
Super , Sega
When I was dead broke, man, I couldn't picture this
50-inch screen, money-green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is loungin'
every day, no more public housin'
' back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps an Ac' with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why missed us
was the worst days
Now we sip when we thirsty
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive and it's all (It's all good, nigga)
[Chorus: Total, The B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
You know very well (Money)
Who you are (Hoes and clothes)
Don't let 'em hold you down ()
Reach for the stars (That's right)
You had a goal (It's all good)
But not that many (All good)
'Cause you're the only one (East coast, represent)
I'll give you good and plenty (C'mon)
[Post-Chorus: The B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
' B-Town in the house (Biggie Smalls)
Junior Mafia, mad flavor (Bad Boy)
Uh, uh, yeah, aight (I see you, Cooch)
[chorus: total]
You know very well
Who you are
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
I'll give you good and plenty
[outro: puff daddy & total]
Biggie Smalls, it's all good, nigga
Junior Mafia, it's all good, nigga
Bad Boy, it's all good, nigga
It's all good
That's right, '94
And on and on, and on and on
You know very well
It's all good
[ by Pete Rock and Poke of ]

[produced by no i.d.]
[intro]
La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye... (Good riddance!)
Hold up...
[chorus]
Only rapper to rewrite history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin
[verse 1]
This is anti-Auto-Tune, death of the ringtone
This ain't for iTunes, this ain't for sing-alongs
This is at the opera, bring a blonde
with a fat ass who can sing a song
Wrong, this ain't politically correct (uhh!)
This might offend my political connects (uhh!)
My raps don't have melodies
This should make niggas wanna go and commit felonies (uhh!)
Get your chain tooken
I may do it myself, I'm so (Uhh!)
I know we facing a recession
But the music y'all making gon' make it the Great (uhh!)
All your lack of aggression
Put your skirt back down, grow a set, men (uhh, uhh!)
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence
[chorus]
La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
Only nigga to re-write history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Hold up...
[verse 2]
This ain't a number one record (uhh!)
This is practically assault with a deadly weapon (uhh!)
I made this just for Flex and... Mister Cee
I want niggas to feel threatened (uhh!)
Stop your bloodclot crying
The kid, the dog, everybody dying, no lying
You niggas' jeans too tight
Your colors too bright, your voice too light (That's too far, nigga!) (uhh, uhh!)
I might wear black for a year straight (uhh!)
I might bring back shades (uhh!)
This ain't for Z100
Ye told me to kill y'all to keep it 100 (uhh!)
This is for Hot 9-7
This shit for Clue, for Khaled, for we the bestin... (uhh!)
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence
[chorus]
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
Only nigga to re-write history without a pen
[verse 3]
Hold up, this shit need a verse from Jeezy... Ay!
I might send this to the mixtape Weezy
Get somebody from BMF to talk on this
Get this to a Blood, let a Crip walk on it (uhh!)
Get 3 Thou' to style on this
I just don't need nobody to smile on this (uhh!)
You niggas singin' too much
Get back to rap, you T-Pain'n too much (uhh, uhh!)
I'm a multi-millionaire
So how is it I'm still the hardest nigga here (uhh!)
I don't be in the project hallway
Talkin' 'bout how I be in the projects all day (uhh!)
That sound stupid to me
If you a gangsta, this is how you prove it to me (uhh, uhh!)
Nigga, just get violent
[outro]

[ by Jiv Poss, Puff Daddy, Stevie J and DJ Enuff]
[intro: puff daddy]
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
I will fear no evil, for you are with me
Your rod and your staff, they comfort me
You prepare a table for me, in the presence of my enemies
You anoint my head with oil, my cup overflows
Surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever
[verse 1: the notorious b.i.g.]
Niggas in my faction don't like askin' questions
gun-testin', coke-measurin'
Givin' pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hittin' fanny, spendin' chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig-piece, nigga deceased
Muah, may you rest in peace
With my style, more sicker than yours
Four-four and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Lear; yes, my dear
Shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your bloodclaat cryin'
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin', no lyin'
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big dangerous, you're just a Lil
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all
Death controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all, uhh
I spit phrases that'll thrill you
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
[Chorus: The B.I.G. & Faith Evans (Puff Daddy)]
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
[verse 2: the notorious b.i.g.]
Uhh, uhh
Watch Casino, I'm the hip-hop version of Nicky
Ask Nino, he know
Green with envy, the green tempts me
To make the rich the enemy, and take their cheese
Take their spots, take their keys, make my faculty
Live happily ever after in laughter
Hah, never seen pour faster
And to those bastards, knuckleheads squeeze lead
Three of mine dead, nothin' left to do
But tear they ass to shreds, leave 'em in bloodshed
like this, I take trips
Lay up in Miami with Tamika and Tammy (huh)
Some Creole C-O bitches I met on tour
Push a peach Legend Coupe, gold teeth galore (say what?)
Told me meet 'em in the future later
They'll take me shoppin', buy me lavender and fuschia Gators
me to playa haters and heavy weighters
Rich bitch shit, drinkin' 'til they piss the shit, uhh
bitches, adapt to any borough bitches
Be in spots where they were no bitches, you feel me
on dead friends too
[Chorus: The B.I.G. & Faith Evans (Puff Daddy)]
[verse 3: the notorious b.i.g.]
Uhh, uhh
You can be the shit, flash the fattest five (that's right)
Have the biggest dick, but when your shell get hit
You ain't worth spit, just a memory
he used to push the champagne Range (I 'member that)
Silly cat, wore suede in the rain
Swear he put the G in game, had the Gucci frame
Before Dana Dane, thought he ran with Kane
I can't recall his name (what was his name?), you mean that kid
That nearly lost half his brain over two bricks of cocaine?
Gettin' his dick sucked by ?
A fuckin' shame, duke's a lame, what's his name?
Dark-skin , see what I mean?

[Intro: B.I.G., Puff Daddy & Girl]
Yo let- let- let me ask you a question, yo
Yo, would you kill for me?
Hmm, yeah
Uh, the act of making love- (Haa)
What took you so long to answer motherfucker?
I don't know
The fuck wrong with you, bitch?
[verse 1: the notorious b.i.g.]
When I met you, I admit, my first thoughts was to trick
You look so good, huh, I suck on your daddy's dick
I never felt that way in my life
It didn't take long before I made you my wife
Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze
Comin' to the crib, even had a set a keys
During the days you helped me bag up my nickels
In the process, I admit, I tricked a little
But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch
Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin' rich
And I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right
I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right
[Chorus: The B.I.G., Puff Daddy & Girl]
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
(But you know you love that ass, don't you?)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Yeah, no question, no question)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Yo, let me ask you another question)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(What?)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, yeah
(You been fuckin' 'round on me?)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
(Why would I do that?)
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
(Yo, don't lie to me, motherfucker)
Just me and my bitch
[verse 2: the notorious b.i.g.]
strolls with the hoes, oh, no, that's not my steelo
I wanna bitch that like to play ceelo and craps
Packin' gats in a Coach bag, steamin' dime bags
A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had
With a bop just as strong as me
Totin' guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me
Any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it
One day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet
' my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows
I see my Polos and Timbos
Hide my car keys so I can't leave
A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve
And if I deceive, she won't take it lightly
She'll invite me, politely, to fight, G
And then we lie together, cry together
I swear to God I hope we fuckin' die together
[Chorus: The B.I.G., Puff Daddy & Girl]
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Nigga, nigga, if I ever)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Catch your ass fuckin' around)
(I'll cut your motherfuckin' dick off)
(Stop playin')
(I ain't pl- ain't- ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes)
(Ain't no jokes)
(Yo, don- don't play with my dick)
[verse 3: the notorious b.i.g.]
She helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies
Didn't hesitate to squeeze to get my life out of danger
One day, she put 911 on the pager
Had to call back, whether it's minor or major
No response, the phone just rung
Grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem
When I pulled up, police was on the scene
Had to make the U-turn, make sure my shit was clean
Drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes
to police with the shoves and the pushes
It didn't take long before the tears start
I saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart
And I know it was meant for me
I guess the niggas felt they had to kill the closest one to me
And when I find 'em your life is to an end
They killed my best friend, me and my bitch
[chorus: the notorious b.i.g.]
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, uh
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, uh
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch
[skit: the notorious b.i.g. & girl]
Let's get started then
So when did you first start rappin'?
Um, I was like about 18 years old. Yeah, about 18
So how did you first get started? Who influenced you?
Ain't nobody really influenced me, you know what I'm saying?
I was just tired of being on the streets, you know what I'm saying? Had to get up off that, you know
I see. So where you from?

Verse 1-(C-BO)
We got the warehouse packed from to Lacs
flake powder, than metro rap
Got keys on knees wit g's out of state
' more yay than IHOP flip pancakes
I'm a boss balla now, shot calla now
Rose's 's nigga fuck the Impala now
An these bitches be comin by the dozens
True ballaz never love 'em, fuckin aunties an cousins
Got a have a ??? humble, sticky green gumbo
Layin by the pool, hella full off gumbo
Rollin wit these g's, get R.I.P
By desert eagles to mini gages, to AR-15's
See I don't trust a soul on patrol when I roll
4-4 I hold cuz I gotta shake parole
You can stroll wit me, rock an roll wit me
But when the one times dip, cock, unload wit me
Cuz I'm a killa, nappy head nigga, from out the valley, best strapped
Down, in Sac-Town, capitol of Killa Kali
Fool I comes heated, when needed, niggas retreat
When I blast pair of parabellums an a mini 14 when I smash
(Chorus)
None of y'all niggas can't fade this
West coast niggas is the craziest
We got that MOB mentality
C-BO an S-P-I-C-E
None of y'all niggas can't fade this
West coast niggas is the craziest
We got that MOB mentality
Major Pain & Mr.
Verse 2-(Spice 1)
Pullin our straps on niggas who thinkin they bodies is made outta
Teflon
Wit a 5-0 caliber in my right hand, an a G-LOCK in my left palm
Black , can't see me, wit a Lexy up on my wrist
this, a ballin' ass nigga addicted to killin' shit
??? cross soldier mutha fuckaz so nigga don't fuck wit me
I seen niggas that I done murdered up in my dreams, when I be asleep
an I thank God, nigga chasin' me callin' me punk ass nigga
Wakin' up wit the finga on triggas
' hollow tip slugs that goes to figgas
Wanna put down, my pistol, drink an shit
But niggas Uzi think he tellin me I'm gonna die if I sit
So I MOB wit the old skool, wit a shot of chromes out my window
Could it be the S-P-I-C-E wit a fifth of hin, yay an indo
Black
(Chorus)
Verse 3-(C-BO)
We puts it down like g's, swingin' vipers an vests
From Benz to an all on the set
An keep it crackin' from LA all the way back down to the Bay
I'm from the, valley, northern of Killa Kali, where g's lay
Gots to keep yo head up, you slip they drop, they leave you wet up
magnum taggin' the fool of the big block we hit him up
Eyes do or die, let 'em drip til they dry
Two killaz eye to eye, never duck when bullets fly
Keep it crackulatin, like Pearl Harbor when we spit
G's bump this shit, from ??? moves to the rip set
get split
Wit a magnum
Steady blastin' now I done seen murder eye to eye
But my kids hope that I'm steadily fastenin
Ain't no love for you that's down at the end of my barrel
When I multiply my cash, ridin' in my 4 barrel Camaro
I catch ya slippin', I'm slappin' my clip in, I'm puttin' it down
You been hit from slippin' an clockin' the grip in my town
(Chorus until end)

[ by True Master & Ol' Dirty ]
[intro]
Shit
Word, I'll bust that nigga ass right now
Ain't no- none of them niggas can't fuck with me
What? Nigga, you could never fuck with me, my nigga
I'll fuck you up right now, what? What? What?
Bust your motherfucking ass, boy
I ain't no motherfucking joke, you know who you talking to? (Yo, word up, bust that nigga ass, word up)
Ol' Dirty , you know what I'm sayin'?
I'll fuck you up right now
Yeah, what? What? What?
He ain't sayin' nothin', fuck him
[verse]
I'm the one-man army, Ason
I never been tooken out, I keep MC's looking out
I drop science like Cosby dropping babies
Enough to make a nigga go crazy
In the G-, taking all types of medicines
Your ass thought you were better than
Ason? I keep planets in orbit
While I be coming with deeper and more shit
Enough to make you break and shake your ass
As I create rhyme good as a makes
This style, I'm mastered in
Niggas catching headaches, what? What? You need aspirin?
This type of pain, you couldn't even kill with Midol
Fuck around, get sprayed with Lysol
In your face like a can of mace, baby
Is it burning? Well, fuck it, now you're learning
How I don't even like your motherfucking profile
Give me my fucking shit, chk-chk, blaow
Last seen and heard, no one knows
You forget, niggas be quiet as kept
Now you know nothing
Before you knew a whole fucking lot
Your ass don't wanna get shot
A lot of MC's came to my showdown
And watched me put your fucking ass low down
As you can go, below zero
a doubt, I never been tooken out
By a nigga who couldn't figure
Yo, by a nigga who couldn't figure
Yo, by a nigga who couldn't figure ( Zoo)
How to pull a fucking gun trigger, I said "Get the fuck outta here"
Nigga wanna get too close to the utmost
But I got stacks that'll jack any wack host
, yo, fuck that nigga's name
My hip-hop drops on your head like rain
And when it rains it pours, 'cause my rhymes hardcore
That's why I give you more of the raw
Talent that I got will rizzock the spot
MCs I'll be burning, burning hot
Woah-ho-ho, let me, like, slow up with the flow
If I move too quick, oh, you just won't know
I'm homicidal when you enter the target
Nigga, get up, act like a pig, try to hog shit
So I'll take your ass out quick
The mics, I'm had it, my nigga, you can suck my dick
If you wanna step to my motherfucking rep
Chk-chk, blaow, blaow, blown to death
You got shot 'cause you knock-knock-knock
"Who's there?" motherfucking hard rock
on your macking 'cause raw's what you lack
You wanna react? Bring it on back (Back)
[chorus]
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty , Zoo
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty , Zoo ( Zoo, what?)
Shame on you when you step through to (My nigga)
The Ol' Dirty , Zoo
[outro]
What? My nigga
Shame on you
Shame-
Shame on- Shame on-
What? My nigga

[produced by easy mo bee]
[verse 1: the notorious b.i.g.]
I used to get feels on a bitch
Now I throw shields on the dick to stop me from that HIV shit
And niggas know they soft like a filling
the villain, prepare for this rap killing
Biggie Smalls is the illest, your style is played out
Like Arnold on that, "What you talking 'bout, Willis?"
The thrill is gone, the Black Frank White
Is here to excite and throw dick to dykes
I like 'em brainless, guns I like 'em stainless steel
I want the fucking fortune like the Wheel
I squeeze gats 'til my clips is empty
Don't tempt me, you don't want to fuck with the M-E...
[Verse 2: Method Man & The B.I.G.]
...T-H-O-D Man, here I am
I'll be damned if this ain't some shit
Come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit
It's the low killer death trap, yes I'm a jet-black ninja
Coming where you rest at, surrender
Step inside the ring, you's the number one contender
cold-booty like your pussy in
Nigga, stop bitching, button up your lip and
From Method all you getting is a can of ass-whipping
Hey, I'll be kicking you son, you doing all the yapping
Acting as if it can't happen
Your frontin' got me mad enough to touch something
Yo, I'm from Island and ain't afraid to bust something
So what you want nigga? You won't nigga
I got a 6-shooter and a horse named
It's real, '94 rugged-raw
Kickin' down your goddamn door
And it goes a little something like this
[Chorus: Method Man & The B.I.G.]
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
you get you gotta work hard for it
(Honeys shake your hips) You don't stop
(And niggas pack the clips) Keep on, bitch
[Verse 3: Method Man & The B.I.G.]
Verse two, coming with that Olde E brew
Meth-tical, putting niggas back in ICU
I'm lifted, troop, you can bring your wack-ass crew
I got connections, I'll get that ass stuck like glue
Huh, no question, I be coming down and shit
Yo I gets rugged as a motherfucking carpet get
And niggas love it, not in the physical form but in the mental
I spark and they cells get warm
I'm not a gentleman, I'm a Method Man
Baby accept it, utmost respect it, and
(Assume the position) Stop look and listen
I spit on your grave then I grab my , bitch
[Verse 4: The B.I.G. & Method Man]
to my center, honeys feel it deep in they placenta
Cold as the pole in the winter
Far from the inventor, but I got this rap shit sewed
And when my MAC unloads
I'm guaranteed another video
Ready to die, why I act that way?
Pop duke left mom duke, the faggot took the back way
So instead of making hoes suck my dick up
I used to do stick-ups, 'cause hoes is irritating like the hiccups
Excuse me, flows just grow through me
Like trees to branches, cliffs to avalanches
It's the praying mantis, deep like the mind of
A motherfucking rap phenomenon, plus
(I got more Glocks and TECs than you)
I make it hot, (niggas won't even stand next to you)
Nigga touch me you better bust me three times in the head
Or motherfucker's dead, you thought so
[Chorus: Method Man & The B.I.G.]
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
And everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(Honeys shake your hips) You don't stop
(And niggas pack the clips) Keep on, bitch
you get you gotta work hard for it
[outro: notorious b.i.g. & method man]
Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique in full effect (Yeah, what the fuck you want, nigga?)
Ah, yeah, hell yeah (Biggie Smalls and Meth-tical)
My borough is thorough ( Island, yeah)

[verse 1 - freck billionaire]
I'm gettin money, heres my explanation
The Lambo's milked out, no expiration
And I ain't ask for an estimation
I just pass the cake off, no hesitation
Ya' see I'm nothing like y'all guys
I just do the stuntin'
Y'all niggas fall guys
And everyday I get the Benny washed
It's Deja Vu, like Denny Wash
The budgets too big, 'll hurt a label
Play it tight spray the creed on the Purple label
Pave' set me and Jacob got me linked up
The bentley wag' bullet proof, like a Brinks truck
CVL, we dont care what ya homies sell
round' the stacks like a ponytail
I could meet a ho sweeter than Damita Jo
She act conceited, though, her number get deleted, yo
I'm not a musician, but I play an instrument
The raging bull handle any kind of incident
The Black latex D's can't get the prints
The Flying Spur so fly, I had to get the Bent
Got initials on the door scrappy
on the floormats
I ain't braggin', homeboy, this my format
The 22's look like they ridin' on four flats
Young octopus, I carry arms
[verse 2 - fabolous]
I'm gettin' money is my quotation
Family man so I need the Lambo station
Slick talk'll put a chamber into rotation
style I shoot 'em on location
My hoes , Trini and
Ass clap louder than a Oprah ovation
Double D's on her chest like Dare Devil
Her shoe game's at a nine hundred a pair level
I'm in P-rada the color of Ri-cotta
Cheese? Please, you can't tell me nada
I don't share keys nor do I give her codes
I set run through records down on River Road
Then I switched up, posted on
The Denali stay smellin' like Cali grade
A couple Bond Number 9 squirts
Osama Rich--that's the hard-to-find shirt
Your rocks keep to they self? Well mines flirt
They too clean, board of health couldn't find dirt
I'm rich bitch and I'm screamin' it like Ashy Larry
They call me Brinks boy. Maybe it's the cash I carry
Rubber bands pop you gon' need a scrunchee for me
If she a jumpoff, bet the chick bungee for me
I came a long way and I still stroll the avenues
Move in style, Louis V, rollin' travel
Local nigga, you never been to Poland have you?
So you couldn't judge me if you was holding gavels
And I used to get the raw from
That was back when Raven Simone was Olivia
I did the take out, meaning that I ran orders
I had the transporters sittin' by the land borders
The make you rather do a manslaughter
They goin' in juniors, comin' home with granddaughters
So homie if you got a weapon, tote it
You can't jump ship niggas won't accept you boat it
When I was doin it for TV I kept it loaded
Cause these hatin' niggas tryna' final episode it
A half a clip in ya hip'll make ya Elvis shake
You'll more than moan when the bones in ya' pelvis break
drop cost 200 and 12 to take
Red gut, white paint: Red Velvet cake

I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
But still dumpin' whenever the drama's on
Y'all hustlers can't eat fit meals
And it feels somethin' like when it's
Hope you chumps been walkin' with armor on
I'm who they dumping 2 Cole Hamels on
's turnin' this momma on
I love to see rumps in thongs
Bet it look plump when you got pajamas on
Jump in, let's hit the ma
And it's crunk whenever I'm on the song
Bumpin' like "Bumb-ba-Bump"
I'm particularly picky
When it come to licky licky
Have 'em slidin' off them quickly
Under the doo-rag thick three sixty
It's the hypno and sticky icky
I said Okay!
[hook]
Fly enough, to do better
But pimp enough to not give a fuck
Thug enough, to do better
And gangsta enough to not give a fuck
I'm hustlin' enough, to know better
But ballin' enough to not give a fuck
Old enough, to know better
But young enough to not give a fuck
D-d-d-d-dammit man
I'm in a throwback so old
It'll make your grandma glance
And everybody know, everybody go
So please, call the stretch ambulance
These dudes don't stand a chance
When I pull up like the pamper brand
Doors in the Lambo slants
With a madame from France
With a ass so big
You couldn't hide it in Hammer pants
Who else be in New York
With Miami tans
Got everybody doin' the Street Family dance
I'm sure this hammer can
Make you save that gangsta role for the camera man
It's F-A-B, you preferably
Don't wanna F wit me (Please believe it)
I'm definitely as responsible
For getting the City High as Clef would be ( it please)
[hook]
I'm introduced to your women friends (Hello)
Cause I buy double deuces to rim a Benz
Like they boots made by
I have to remind, since I got drafted and signed
Ya'll playa's get used to the scrimagin'
Now one of the got lemon gems? (Damn)
Know y'all lips get loose like y'all feminine
I prove letting loose with the semi can boost my adrenaline
You never had no use with that limb again
Half my roots is
mi gusto les
This dude got the juice of a pimp in him
Turn to stones like Medusa had glimpsed at him
But right now you can lie and gossip too
And later be the guy who the mas run to
And right now you can try to prosecute
But later on you gonna die in the hospital
[hook]

[chuck d]
[intro]
It's the ten crack commandments, what?
Nigga can't tell me nothing about this coke
Can't tell me nothing about this crack, this weed, for my hustlin' niggas
Niggas on the corner I ain't forget you niggas, my triple beam niggas
[verse]
I've been in this game for years, it made me a animal
There's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step-by-step booklet for you to get
Your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule Nombre Uno: never let no one know
How much dough you hold 'cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
If that man fucked up, get yo' ass stuck up
Number Two: never let 'em know your next move
Don't you know bad boys move in silence and violence?
Take it from your highness (Uh-huh)
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
Number Three: never trust nobody
Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
and masked up, shit, for that fast buck
She be laying in the bushes to light that ass up
Number Four: I know you heard this before
"Never get high on your own supply"
Number Five: never sell no crack where you rest at
I don't care if they want an ounce, tell 'em, "Bounce!"
Number Six: that goddamn credit? Dead it
You think a crackhead paying you back? Shit, forget it
Seven: this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely separated
Money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number Eight: never keep no weight on you
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jums too
Number Nine shoulda been Number One to me:
If you ain't gettin' bagged, stay the fuck from police
If niggas think you snitchin', they ain't tryna listen
They be sittin' in your kitchen, waiting to start hittin'
Number Ten: a strong word called 'consignment'
for live men, not for freshmen
If you ain't got the clientele, say, "Hell no!"
'Cause they gon' want they money rain, sleet, hail, snow
Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
If not, twenty-four years on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
did your makeup, when you passed
Your girl fucked my man Jake up
Heard in three weeks, she sniffed a whole half a cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go, gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up (Uh)
[outro]
Crack King, Frank Wiz-zhite
[premier scratching]

[chorus: paul cain]
Some niggas thug, and some niggas is bitch
Some niggas'll rob, and some niggas'll pitch
Some niggas ain't got shit, some niggas rich
Some niggas do the time, and some live as a snitch
[verse 1: paul cain]
Now some niggas like to pull out and talk, some niggas pop off
Some niggas found they way to the top, some niggas got lost
Some niggas keep it thorough in jail, some niggas got soft
Some niggas ride hard top Coupe, I pull the top off
And quick to speed off on the Jake
Quick to back, any nigga gettin' money, come up off of the safe
Fuck the city, I'm extortin' the state
I'm like O. from The Wire, walk with a sawed-off and a .8
And I was taught, never talk with a snake
When you kill a nigga you love, you pay for the coffin and wake
Get you wrapped up, and tossed in a lake
If you can't get the whole pie, just take ya portion and skate
Don't fuck with niggas, if they soft or they fake
Only jail cats, and niggas going back and forth to court could relate
Fuck with me, and I'ma alter ya fate
Send some wolves after ya girl that specialize in torture and rape
We in the game most dudes ain't built for
Cain talk the type of shit niggas get killed for
it's gon' be, let it be, I ain't wastin' a slug
And time is money, and when it come to mine, take it in blood, nigga
[chorus: fabolous]
Some niggas thug, and some niggas is bitch
Some niggas rob, and some niggas'll pitch
Some niggas ain't got nothin', some niggas rich
Some niggas do the time, and some live as a snitch
[verse 2: fabolous]
These niggas act like, I ain't sling the clip at the last lame
That ran to the cops, to bring the tips of the last names (Nigga!)
Like I ain't bring the shipments, and pass 'caine
And sticky that'll leave ya finger tips with the grass stains (Nigga!)
Like I don't swing and zip through the fast lane
Would you believe, this ringer chipped me a fast Range (Nigga!)
Like I ain't sling on stips, 'til my past fame
And stacked it up, like the chips, when the cash came (Nigga!)
Like I ain't fling and dip, when the task came
I knew these niggas sing like pits, so I stash change
The singles chipped and my ass changed
But this player never pay for, them rings and whips, just to gas dames
I'm why you stay in touch with ya writer
Even made you pick up ya pen, and start clutchin' it tighter
I ain't much of a fighter
But I know, everything about rollin' up, like a Dutch and a Spyder
My dope is much more than whiter
One hit'll have the fiends yellin' out, they need crutches and lighters
The Fed's can't touch or indict us, and the hoes can't even get numbers
They wanna stay in touch, they could write us, nigga
[chorus: joe budden]
Some niggas rob, and some niggas'll pitch
Some niggas ain't got shit, some niggas rich
[verse 3: joe budden]
Listen, listen, I lived that life, of click-clack life
The kidnap life, the kid's the wise, I did that twice!
You prolly see that through ya bitch ass eyes
Still I'm that nigga that you get at why
They forget that they knew me, remember me thug
I'm from that same block, rips snorkel on ja dip in a Lucy
'Member they back you down, when knives was out
.45 was out, scully ya eyes come out
But now cuz you hear nigga all in his place
That when you see him in the streets, you gettin' all in his face
More you give a nigga, the more that he takes, and you wanna beef
Knowin' I'm slower to do so, 'cause I got much more at stake
HUH!?... that's why I'm ignorin' ya page
I can't respect you no more, you's a fraud and a snake
But you noticed that's the hate that I love
You see me eatin' off rap, that same feat you think you capable of
Don't get me wrong, I would like to dead it
But you actin' like, I ain't blow my show money on a rifle fetish
And my pop's voluntarily, surrendered to the Fed's
This is the wrong time to fuck with my head
I'm tryna tell you, friends are ya worst enemies
So if I make friends wit my worst enemies, that'll maybe even things out
But one in ya dome is easy, get it on if need be
Chrome for sheezy, please, don't believe me
[chorus: fabolous]
Some niggas ain't got nothin', some niggas rich

[intro: jadakiss]
Uh-huh, you know where I'm taking this
I'm taking it right there, they leave me no choice
[verse 1: jadakiss]
She said she was a model for a year and a half and if she took her pins out
Then her hair would drop down to her calf
I knew her man, he was just up North
And would've got left up North, but he was the chef up North
Anyway I'm K-I-double
All I do is get dough, spit flows, try to stay out of trouble
If you ready we could move, just lose your man
Or hit the dance floor, I'll show you how to do my dance
Or I might let you play in the garden
Or sit up in that white thing and listen to the greatest of Marvin
The estate got 6 locations
Take so long to get to the front once I missed probation
And I hate to brag
I know ya man really wouldn't like the but he'd hate the Mag
And yeah here go a blank check, rock yourself out
But in the mean time girl, knock yourself out
[hook: pharrell williams & jadakiss]
Oh you modeling momma? (Knock yourself out) (Uh)
Wanna let ya hair down? (Knock yourself out) (Go ahead)
Oh you ready to move? (Knock yourself out) (Let's go)
What you wanna sit in the Coupe? (Go ahead, Knock yourself out) (Come on)
Wanna keep on dancing? (Knock yourself out) (Uh-huh, Uh, uh)
Wanna run in my mansion? (Knock yourself out) (Uh-huh, Uh, uh)
Sit in V.I.P.? (Knock yourself out) (Come on)
Bitch you just wanna be seen (Go ahead, Knock yourself out)(Uh, yo, uh, yeah!)
[verse 2: jadakiss]
Now you can knock yourself out like you boxin yourself
Or you can get real freaky, start popping yourself
And my watch got so many rocks, when you look at the time
It's sorta like you watching yourself, uhh
Front if you want, I puff a few blunts
And take a cruise in a with the trunk in the front
She had the Jocko sandals, told her hop in
The coupe blew her mind when she couldn't find the door handles
very high maintenance; check this out ma
I'm running out of my patience
Don't sleep with me? Then don't speak with me
And never talk bad about niggas that eat with me
[hook: pharrell williams & jadakiss]
Oh you modeling momma? (Knock yourself out)
Wanna let ya hair down? (Knock yourself out) (Go ahead)
Oh you ready to move? (Knock yourself out) (Let's go)
What you wanna sit in the Coupe? (Go ahead, Knock yourself out) (Come on)
Wanna keep on dancing? (Knock yourself out) (Uh-huh, Uh, uh)
Wanna run in my mansion? (Knock yourself out) (Uh-huh, Uh, uh)
Sit in V.I.P.? (Knock yourself out) (Come on)
Bitch you just wanna be seen (Go ahead, Knock yourself out) (Uh, yeah, yo, uh!)
[verse 3: jadakiss]
Ayyo, honey know I'm waiting to leave
Keep dancing, cause I like how that ass shake in them capris
I'm like Big with the murder mamis up in Belize
But I'll still fuck a chickenhead like Lil' Cease
I don't care if they model, bet they all goin' chill
First nigga to cook base on a grill
And you might win some, but you just lost one
Kiss miseducates 'em like Lauryn Hill
[hook: pharrell williams & jadakiss]
Oh you modeling momma? (Knock yourself out)
Sit in V.I.P.? (Knock yourself out) (Uh-huh, Uh, uh)
Bitch you just wanna be seen (Go ahead, Knock yourself out)
Sit in V.I.P.? (Knock yourself out) (Uh-huh, Uh, uh)
Bitch you just wanna be seen (Go ahead, Knock yourself out)
[outro: pharrell williams]
Knock yourself out, Are you ready to move
Knock yourself out, go head, knock yourself out
Wanna keep on dancing? (Knock yourself out)

[intro: jay-z & kanye west]
Haters
Haters-these niggas is haters!
And I made myself so easy to love
[verse 1: kanye west]
How much they hate it? Very
Kiss girls like Katy Perry
I am never sprung, but I spring 'er: Jerry
Don't try this at home; results may vary
King like T.I., but in the Chi, Larry
[verse 2: jay-z]
Hoover? Hova
Both are
You choose who's colder
get nasty in the booth but I'm grosser
I can't even stomach myself: ulcer
More realer 'cause I'm closer
Had girlies in girdles weighing more than they supposed to
Poser? No, sir
My hustle: so
I stretch work: yoga
You know I got it down, dog
Al Roker: I used to knock pounds off
It ain't nothing for me to knock nouns off
And these MCs praying for my downfall
They just haters
I wave at you, I'm so player
I'll never be done, I'm so ra-re
[verse 3: kanye west]
We killing the game, it's not fair
You motherfuckers stay right there
'Cause we too high up in the air
We blasting off just like a laser
Nigga, "Pyong! Pyong! Pyong!"
Get back, give me room, room, room
DB9 like, "Vroom, vroom, vroom!"
Young Hov', what we doin', doin', doin'?
[verse 4: jay-z]
We ballin', bitches
Eating y'all food, leaving dishes
Why these niggas always talking Lear talk, 'Ye?
Why I never see 'em at the , 'Ye?
Why always hear they at the airport?
While I fly daily like I'm in the Air Force (Ayy)
, please stop talking my ears off, millionaire talk
You haters, you mad at me 'cause your paper
Need to get its motherfucking weight up
(Hold up) Wait up, I ain't done
Name one thing I ain't done
It hurts when you say that I ain't the one
You haters, how do I gain your favor?
I need to know 'cause I care
I need you to love me, I swear-look here!
See 'Ye is running the Chi like Gale Sayers
I'm running New York, I got the mayor on my pager
You can't fade us, you haters
I need you, stay there
I breathe you like air
[outro: jay-z]
Ay-yer
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yay-yer
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yay-yer
Where all my haters?
I love all my haters
Love all my haters
I love all my haters
Where the fuck is my haters? Hater?
Yay-yer! Haha

[produced by the alchemist]
[verse 1: jadakiss & styles p]
Fuck the frail shit, uh, 'cause when my coke come in
They gotta use the scale that they weigh the whales with
on the jeep, made the prototype
Hoped you'd get the picture but you just can't photo life
niggas make it
down the door and we burning niggas naked
The house costs a million, sitting on the beach
And the only thing I know: if it's furnished I'ma take it
My bathtub lift up, my walls do a 360
We got the shit that the government got
money then you rubbing the spot
Real niggas say that they be wilding
We on the Cayman on a yacht with our favorite albums
A bad ho and a plate of salmon, smoking and drinking
Nigga is you thinking that our fate is violent?
I love my nigga for the fact that he real
And nobody on the faculty squeal
And if you facing capital pun, pass me a gun
And I'ma give you time to run while I rapidly peel, uh
[chorus: jadakiss]
We gon' make it
We gon' make it, we gon' make it
We gon' make it
We gon' make it, we gon' make it
[verse 2: jadakiss & styles p]
I learned the game quickly, and I don't like to rent
So when I fly now, I bring my cars on the plane with me
In this case who's the loser?
Ran through enough coke for Castro to build schools in Cuba
kids how to read and write and use the Ruger
' niggas is back, Jada and P
We got water, X, haze, plus weight of the D
And I'm tired of hearing about old niggas that had it
And be the same old niggas that ratted (Who cares?)
'bout how we hawk niggas in they fuckin' back
Gun work's official but niggas don't be wanting that
(Why?) 'Cause they puss and they mans is lame
We Soul for Real in the hood, we make Candy Rain
I could easily send you to God
But come and see me at the Plaza Hotel I might give you a job
If you can't remember the name
All you gotta do is ask the dame for the niggas that deliver it hard
[chorus: jadakiss]
[verse 3: jadakiss]
Jada-MWAH, I'll kiss you, you bitch ass nigga
Bet the hood won't miss you, you bitch ass nigga
Might find your man dead in the ocean (he be aight though)
You know dead rappers get better promotion
Why we don't laugh at death, and cry at birth
Never say you can't do it 'til you try it first
Be the young niggas eager to pull it
But it's a message in everything, trust me, even a bullet
Go to war with the 8 and the pound
Think you got your ear to the street now
Put your face in the ground 'cause my shells is expensive
You'll know exactly why when you yellin' in intensive
My fellas is offensive
Lucky 'cause I got guns that crack your back
But that's not what I prefer, I manufacture crack
And niggas turn bitch when you show em the steel
But we know how to bid so y'all go 'head and squeal
I'm comfortable far from home
Eating right, getting good rest either on the bar or the phone
I'm the reason niggas got deals the past few years
"Sound anything like Kiss? Then sign right here!"
And, y'all just talking, I'm doing it well
, motherfucker, I'ma see you in hell
[chorus: jadakiss]

[intro: juvenile]
Cash Money taking over for the '99 & the 2000
[verse 1: juvenile]
Girl you working with some ass, yeah, you're bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend his cash, yeah, his last, yeah
Hoes frown when you pass, yeah, they mad, yeah
You gon' ride in the Jag, yeah, with dat ass
You could smoke or buy a bag, yeah, of grass, yeah
Got money I confess, yeah, and trash, yeah
I'm a Big Tymer nigga, yeah, pulling trigger, yeah
A player hater to flip with, yeah, going head and fill it, yeah
I be slanging wood, yeah, out the hood, yeah
Let it be understood, yeah, it's all good, yeah
Got a nigga screaming large, yeah, on the hard, yeah
A smooth ghetto broad, yeah, I want the broad, yeah
A nigga do a trick, yeah, on the dick, yeah
You claiming you want a bitch, yeah, that ain't shit, yeah
The nigga with the money, yeah, don't act funny, yeah
Got birds and I'm running, yeah, 'bout a hundred, yeah
[chorus: juvenile]
Girl, you looks good, won't you back that ass up?
You's a fine motherfucker, won't you back that ass up?
Call me big daddy when you back that ass up
Ho, who is you playing with? Back that ass up
Girl, you looks good, won't you back that ass up?
You's a fine motherfucker, won't you back that ass up?
Call me big daddy when you back that ass up
Girl, who is you playing with? Back that ass up
[verse 2: juvenile]
You got a stupid ass, yeah, make me laugh, yeah
Make a nigga wanna grab that, autograph that
I'm sweating on the drawers, yeah, aw Lawd, yeah
Wanna walk it like a dog, yeah, break you off, yeah
Get mine, you gon' get yours, yeah, that's for sure, yeah
You fucking with my nerves, yeah, to the curb, yeah
I know you bitches know, yeah, and it show, yeah
But a nigga got some more, yeah, I'm 'bout to flow, yeah
Fresh bought some shit, yeah, in this bitch, yeah
We be making hit, yeah, after hit, yeah
Them titties sitting nice, yeah, I wanna bite, yeah
I could fuck you right, yeah, all night, yeah
Wanna bring it to my house, yeah, on the couch, yeah
Knock the pussy out, yeah, get them out, yeah
I wanna see these hoes, yeah, bend it low, yeah
Let me run it in the hole, yeah, let me know, yeah
[chorus: juvenile]
Ho, who is you playing with? Back that ass up
[verse 3: mannie fresh]
I know you can't stand it, dick bandit
Done landed, see your drawers handed
We can go get it y'all, gang split it y'all
Put the bitch on the wall and I hit it y'all
kind of lonely, I'm feeling horny
Put the dick in the middle like Monie
Big thick plumber chick, and a Hummer chick
Beat the dick like a motherfucking drummer chick
Cinch that putty-cat, look at that
I love a fucking hoody-rat, that's a fact
You's a motherfucking get it girl, quit it girl
I'm the nigga, the nigga nigga, that hit it girl
[chorus: juvenile]
[outro: lil wayne]
Now-now-now-now-now after you back it up then stop
Then wha-wha-what, drop-drop it like it's hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Now wha-wha-wha-what, drop it like it's hot
Now drop it like it's hot, drop-drop it like it's hot
C-M-B make you drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop-drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop-drop it like it's hot
Ha!

[Hook: The World Famous Tony + Jay-Z]
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Yeah, yeah)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
[verse 1: jay z]
I seen Mase do it, I seen 'Ye do it
'X came through, caught lighter fluid
Still I came through it; clap for him!
But I'm the blueprint, I'm like the map for 'em
I dropped another classic, made Puff pass it
Nobody could touch Puff back when Puff had it
Wayne scorchin', I'll applaud him
If he keep going, pass the torch to him
Fifty came through like hurricanes do
I thought I finished his ass at Summer Jam too
I had the on bootleg
The shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead
Wayne did "A Milli," Fifty did a milli
'Ye too, but what Em did was silly
The white boy blossomed after Dre endorsed him
His flow on "": fucking awesome
him!
[Hook: The World Famous Tony + Jay-Z]
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh, Jay)
[verse 2: jay-z]
Snoop dogged it, Nelly came down
The Face Mob kept it ghetto for the H-Town
Luda moved digits after he moved bitches
Drake's up next, see what he do with it (Uh-huh)
Rule had a run, couple movie parts
T.I. literally wanted to shoot up the charts
What up, Jeezy? What it do?
Y'all remind me of us in early '92 (Uh-huh)
landed, 3-thou was ill
Like a male version of Lauryn Hill
Mobb Deep shook it, but took it
A lil' too far, can't fuck with
Wu-Tang gangbanged it, Meth ate
Rae took on the date with the Purple Tape
Passed on to Ason and then
They had a hell of a run, standing ovay', ayy
Every day, a star is born
Every day, a star is born (Uh-huh, Jay)
[verse 3: jay-z]
And I am one of one
Can't you see just how long my run?
My reign, Lulu's son-shine
Been a star since I was ducking one-time
One time, give it up for him
4th, a star was born
Clap for him! He went from moving that corner
To this corner office, it's so enormous
Hey!
Prez' Carter watching her get her Monica on all day
Hey, got so many different monikers, but only one Jay
They come, they go
Some real, some faux
Some friends, some hoes
But, no, I goes nowhere, this Hov'
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh, yeah)
[verse 4: j. cole]
And could I be a star?
Does fame in this game have to change who you are?
Or could I be the same one who came from a far-away life
Just to make it in these lights?
Now I'm shining in the broad daylight-go figure
A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'Ville
Got a deal, a real lifesaver
Dreams of being behind the wheel like Jada
I chill now, cop a lil' ice later
Cole, you got the glow like a lil' lightsaber
So clap for him!
Then applaud Hov, he gave him a platform
Flow so sick, thought he wrote the rap for him-no, sir!
The flow cold as the shoulders of gold-digging hoes when a broke nigga 'proaches
Told you I'm focused, man
I'll let you motherfuckers soak it in, and clap for 'em!
[Hook: The World Famous Tony , Jay-Z, & J. Cole]
Yeah, hey, and clap for 'em!
Hey, hey, and clap for 'em!
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em!
I'm here now!
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Ayy (J. Cole!)
Every day, a star is born

[intro]
Young Money!
You dig?
Mack, I'm going in
[verse 1]
A millionaire, I'm a Young Money millionaire
than hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual bleed
the pencil, and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
'Cause I don't write shit, 'cause I ain't got time
'Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-cha-cha-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father; mother-fuck a copper
Got the dancin' on the bridge, pussy poppin'
Tell the coppers: "Ha-ha-ha-ha
You can't catch him, you can't stop him"
I go by them goon rules: if you can't beat 'em, then you pop 'em
You can't man 'em, then you mop 'em
You can't stand 'em, then you drop 'em
You pop 'em 'cause we pop 'em like
[chorus]
, I'm ill
[verse 2]
A million here, a million there
bitch with long hair, with coke in her derriere
Like smoking the thinnest air
I open the , hopin' them crackers see me
Like, "Look at that bastard Weezy!"
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a mothafuckin' problem
Okay, you're a goon, but what's a goon to a goblin?
Nothin', nothin', you ain't scarin' nothin'
On some faggot bullshit: call 'em Dennis Rodman
Call me what you want, bitch! Call me on my !
Never answer when it's private, damn, I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch? Yeah, I ate a shy bitch
She ain't shy no more, she changed her name to My Bitch
Yeah, nigga, that's my bitch, so when she ask
For the money when you through, don't be surprised, bitch!
And it ain't trickin' if you got it
But you like a bitch with no ass: You ain't got shit
, I'm ill, not sick
And I'm okay, but my watch sick, yeah, my drop sick
Yeah, my Glock sick, and my knot thick - I'm it
[chorus]
, I'm ill
[verse 3]
See, they say I'm rappin' like B.I.G., Jay, and 2Pac
Andre 3000, where is Erykah Badu at? Who that?
Who that said they gon' beat Lil Wayne?
My name ain't Bic, but I keep that flame, man
Who that one that do that, boy?
You knew that true that, swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers
Than to be in the pen sharin' showers
Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy, I got so many bitches, like I'm Mike Lowrey
Even Gwen said she couldn't doubt me
, I say "Life ain't shit without me"
Chrome lips pokin' out the coupe, look like it's poutin'
I do what I do, and you do what you can do about it
Bitch, I can turn a crack rock into a mountain - dare me
Don't you compare me, 'cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me
They don't feel me but they fear me
I'm illy, C3, 3 Peat

[chorus: bianca bonnie]
I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy
[intro: nicki minaj]
I mean, you know
It's like when I feel really crazy
I just get my broom and fly away
I go real, real far away
Young Money
That's-that's-that's just what we do
You know, I mean we-we wear straightjackets
And we-we-we-we stay in, you know, padded rooms
And, you know, and we fly away
[verse 1: nicki minaj]
I just came out of the motherfuckin' old school
Got my Mac with the Pro Tools
You bitches ain't ready for Nicki
Bad woof woof, flyer than a
So I'm up in , eating mangos
Keep a couple pink toes in my sandals
Got some bangles all over my ankles
Such a star, they singing the "Star
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-banner," and I, I am the rap Hannah
Mo-Mon-, so fix your antenna
I keep three hoes, but don't call me Santa
A-And I'm, and I'm flyer then reindeers in the winter
[chorus: bianca bonnie]
I get crazy
[verse 2: nicki minaj]
So I got a bad-bitch mentality
'Cause I just came from another galaxy
I be with the president up in the White House
If we in the Oval Office, then the lights out
'Cause I am the Wicked Witch, I'm the
And I keep a bad bitch on my GSX-R
But I leave her in a second for a thicker
little mama with a guitar
I mean, I'm Nicki L-M-N-O-winsky
I mean, my name ring bells like Tinky
I mean Tinker, tell that nigga link her
'Cause I'm looking for some good brains from a thinker
[bridge: nicki minaj]
Uh, thinker
[chorus: bianca bonnie]
[verse 3: lil wayne & bianca bonnie]
1, 2, 3rd floor, hospital bound
Niggas is doors and I knock niggas down
crooked, I hear you lookin
I promise I'm hard and I swear you pussy
I ain't crazy, no, yes, I am
Right up in the cuckoo nest I land
I'm fly, now eat my bird shit
Yeah, I'm crazy, crazy 'bout your bitch
Wild animal on my bewildered shit
I love brain so I'm lookin' for a nerd bitch
It's Nicki Minaj, the superb witch
And Weezy F Baby, no, Weezy F Crazy
[chorus: bianca bonnie]
[outro: nicki minaj]
When I do it, it get did-ed, I was fixing my fitted
Pull up in a 6 Series, she was fixing your Civic
When I do it, it gets done, 2 sticks in my bun
Pull up in a 6, hun, you was fixing to run, hoe
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh)
(You know, you know my name is Nicki Minaj, trick)
(Let's get it)
I get crazy, I get crazy
I get motherfuckin', motherfuckin' crazy
Crazy, crazy, that's what my name is
My name means crazy in cr-crazy language

[intro: jay-z]
What?
Well fuck you... bitch
Now can you bounce wit me, wit me, wit me wit me
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, wit me wit me
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ge-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ye-ye-yeah
Uh-huh uh-huh bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ya-yah-yah, ya-ya-yah-yeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi-geyeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Get it!
[verse 1: jay-z]
Can I hit in the mornin' without givin' you half of my dough
And even worse, if I was broke would you want me
If I couldn't get you finer things like all of them diamond rings
kill for would you still roll
If we couldn't see the sun risin' off the shore of
Would you ride then, if I wasn't driving
If I wasn't a eight-figure nigga by the name of Jigga
Would you come around me or would you clown me
If I couldn't flow futuristic, would ya
Put your two lips on my wood and kiss it, could ya
See yourself with a nigga working harder than nine to five
Ten to six, two jobs to survive, or
Do you need a baller, so you can shop and tear the mall up
Brag, tell your friends what I bought ya
If you couldn't see yourself with a nigga when his dough is low
Baby girl, if this is so, yo
[refrain: jay-z & amil]
Can I get a fuck you
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a woop woop
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs
Can I get a fuck you
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a woop woop
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs
[break: jay-z & amil]
Now can you bounce wit me, uhh
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uh uh.. Major Coins, Amil-lion
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh, yo bounce wit me
Yeah, uh-uh uh uh
[verse 2: amil]
You ain't gotta be rich but fuck that
How we gonna get around on your bus pass
Before I put this pussy on your mustache
Can you afford me? My niggas breadwinners, never corny
makes me so horny
Not the fussin' and the frontin'
If you got nothing, baby boy, you better
Get up, get out and get some, shit
I like a - lot of Prada, Alize and vodka
Late nights, candlelight, then I tear the cock up
Get it up I put it down e'rytime it pop up, huh
I got to snap 'em, let it loose, then I knock ya
Feel the juice, then I got ya - when you produce a rock
I let you meet momma and introduce you to poppa
My - coochie remains in a Gucci name
Never test my patience, nigga, I'm high maintenance
High class, if you ain't rollin', bypass
If you ain't holdin' I dash yo
[refrain: jay-z & amil]
[break: jay-z & ja rule]
Now can you bounce for me, bounce for me
Uhh
Uhh!
Gi-gi-gi-geyeah-geyeah
Can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Gi-gi-gi-gi can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh! Yeah
[verse 3: ja rule]
It ain't even a question
How my dough flows, I'm good to these bad hoes
Like my puss wet and they don't dry like damp clothes
What y'all niggas don't know: it's e-asy to pimp a hoe
better have my money fo' sho'
Before they go runnin' they mouth, promotin' how
I be dickin' they, back out, go 'head, let it out
I fucks with my Gat out, bounce and leave a hundred
Makin' 'em feel slutted even if they don't want it
It's been so long, since I met a chick ain't about chips but then I'm
Dead wrong, when I tell 'em, "be gone"
So hold on to the feelin' of flossin' and plat-num
'Cause from now on, you can witness Ja the i-con
With hoodies and Timbs on, 'cause I thugs my bitches
VV studs my bitches, then we rob bitch niggas
I'm talkin' 'bout straight figures, if you here, you with us
If not, Boo, you know what, I still fucked you
[refrain: jay-z & amil]
[outro: jay-z]
Now can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Wit me wit me wit me bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Bounce, bitch, bounce.. wit me wit me
Can ya bounce wit me wit me
Ge-gi, uh-huh uh-huh
Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh
Can ya bounce wit me bounce wit me
Geyeah

[produced by no i.d. and kanye west]
[intro: jay-z]
Yeezy, Hova, Yeezy
Yeezy Yeezy, Hova, hold up
You either love me or leave me alone
You either love me or leave me alone
[chorus: kid cudi & jay-z]
Oh, they want me to fall (fall)
Fall from the top (top)
They want me to drop (drop)
They want me to stop (stop)
They want me to go (go)
I'm already gone (already)
The shit that I'm on (hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
[bridge: jay-z]
Now one more 'gin
[chorus: kid cudi & jay-z]
Oh (oh), they want me to fall (fall)
Fall from the top (top)
They want me to drop (drop)
They want me to stop (no)
They want me to go (no)
I'm already gone (gone)
The shit that I'm on (already)
I'm already home
[verse 1: jay-z]
These niggas want me to go, don't they know that I'm gone
They know I'm space shuttle level, they need oxyg-g-g-gen
Don't they know that they boring? Don't they know that I yawn?
Only time they exciting is when they mentioning Shawn
Seen Single White Female when she dyed her hair blonde?
I look at these rappers, the movie remind me of them
turn these boys off, don't they know that I'm on
Can't they see that it's foolish to try and kill me with songs
What the fuck are they Lauryn, they killing me softly
You talk me to death, only thing you do is talk
I open the door for them, what else can I do
These niggas want me to walk for them
talk to them before I go off on them
[chorus: kid cudi & jay-z]
Oh, they want me to fall (fall)
They want me to stop (stop)
They want me to go (go)
I'm already gone (already)
The shit that I'm on (hey)
[verse 2: jay-z]
I taught 'em 'bout fishscale, they want me to fish for them
They want me to catch clean then cook up a dish for them
All of this just for them or they got a diss for him
They want me to disappear like it's gon' shift for them
They say that I'm in the way, they want me to sit for them
But what they admitting is they ain't got shit for him
And really the fact is, we not in the same bracket
Not in the same league, don't shoot at the same baskets
Don't pay the same taxes, hang with the same bitches
So how am I in the way, what is it I'm missing?
Nigga I been missing, nigga I been gone
The shit that you just witnessing I been on
And as for the critics, tell me I don't get it
can tell you how to do it, they never did it
Now these niggas is mad, oh, they call me a Camel
But I mastered the drought, what the fuck I'm an animal
Half man half mammal, my sign is a Sag
This is just what I planned to do, oh, don't be mad
[chorus: kid cudi & jay-z]
[verse 3: jay-z]
I'm in The Hall already, on the wall already
I'm a work of art, I'm a Warhol already
On another level, on another plane already
H-O-V, I got my own lane, already (already)
I done cooked up the rock already
So why the fuck can't y'all get hot already? ()
Put your name in the pot already
Niggas compare me to Biggie and Pac already (already)
Like I'm gone already
And I am nigga I'm already home already (already)
If y'all can't already see
I ain't worried about y'all 'cause I'm already me (already)
Yeah, do you already, enough with the complaining
Boo-hoo's already, eat food already
Ain't nothing given you gotta claim your shoes already
[bridge: jay-z]
Yeah, so in summation, I don't know who you racing
I'm already at the finish line with the flag waving
Come on
[chorus: kid cudi & jay-z]
Oh (oh), they want me to fall (fall)
They want me to stop (no)
They want me to go (no)
I'm already gone (gone)
The shit that I'm on (already)

[intro: livin' tha life (2003)]
Bitch, I want my mother fuckin' money back
You only gave me five dollars!
I gave you twenty mother fuckin' dollars!
No, you didn't! You only gave me five dollars!
No, I gave you twenty and I ain't gon' sit here and argue with your flat-ass face, home girl
This is !
You know, that's the thing about you mother fuckers
Go home!
I ain't goin' no where 'til I get my mother fuckin' change
I will blow this mother fucker up if I don't get my mother fuckin' change
I want my mother fuckin' change!
[verse 1]
What happened in hip-hop that got Pac and Big shot?
The thicks blocks, now every rapper claim he let his clip pop
But even myself tote a gun, and know to run than get shot
I've been there before now I'm fuckin' with Doc
(Gotta do them Calvin numbers)
If not, I pitch rocks, anticipatin' my incarceration
Media think I'm fakin' like Mason, but when it comes to mace
Fuck R. Kelly, I don't take it in the face
I find out who sprayed it, and I'm puttin' you under the pavement
No priest, , or pastor can save him
I'm far from religious, but I got beliefs
So I put canary yellow diamonds in my Jesus piece
I came back from the dead without a part of my chest
Laid in a hospital bed on cardiac arrest
I waited for 3 years while everybody else dropped
Now I understand why Nas did a song with his pops
[chorus]
I'm Ready To Die without a Doubt
Smoke and hit it before I go out
Until they sign my Death , All Eyez On Me
I'm still at it, , and that's The
Ready To Die without a Doubt
Smoke and hit it before I go out
Until they sign my Death , All Eyez On Me
I'm still at it, , and that's The
[verse 2]
If I die my niggas
Fuck it, I did a song with Mary Blige, my niggas
Got a hook from Faith, no verse from Jay
I guess on Story he thought I spit in his face
Told Ed Lover & Moni Love I was talkin' to Ja
With that line, it was payback time
Keep fuckin' with me nigga, I'll put you under me
Take your car and trade it in for eight 3 hundred C's
If you cross my T, I'll dot your eyes
You'll do life in a cemetery, I'll do mine with Shyne
Come home sit in the throne with my legs crossed
And my Air Forces, middle finger up, fuck the world
'Cause I'm feelin' like Puff when Life After Death hit
Mo' money, mo' problems and I lost my best friend
I'm the second dopest nigga from you'll ever hear
The first nigga only put out albums every 7 years
[interlude: radio interview]
(You know what speaking of Jay
That just makes me roll down
Now your song Story)
Uh Oh
(You got a line that says
"I don't do button up shirts
Or drive "
Is that a shot at Jay?)
Nah, I was talkin' about Ja Rule
Yeah, so, I mean, I just-I-I got a lot of respect for Jay
You know what I'm sayin'?
I never take shots at legends
I just-that's just somethin' I don't do
[verse 3]
Let me tell you why I do this shit
I'm a son of a gun 'cause moms was a Hoover Crip
First day I got signed, I had to prove I spit
with Busta Rhymes (Busta: son, duke is sick)
The protege of Doc Dre, I could finally put the shoes on
Now that the rumors of Rakim and Cube gone
They say truth hurts, sunk like quicksand
Don't stop me in traffic and ask about
I gotta restore the feelin' that crawled from under the rock
After Tha Dogg Pound crushed the buildings
I got a family to feed, I'm the middle of 9 children
We can talk about a loan after I sell 5 million
If I tell you I ain't Game and I don't know Dre
You goin' do me like Xzibit and cut half my face?
I take all the credit for puttin' the West back on the map
If you ain't feelin' that, guess I'm Black
[chorus]
I'm Ready To Die without a Doubt
Ready To Die without a Doubt
I'm still at it, , and that's The (The )

[produced by ski beatz]
[intro: jay-z]
Ha ha, ha ha
What.. '96 and forever
Rok-A-Blok, Roc-A-Fella
Yeah, keep it realer than most
Marcy, ... yeah
[chorus: mecca]
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moet
it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
[verse 1: jay-z]
I keep it realer than most, I know you feeling it
's on ice, I like to toast, I keep on spilling it
Bone crushers I keep real close, I got the skill for this
On my back the flyest clothes, looking ill as shit
illegitimate 'cause life is still a bitch, and then you die
But for now, life, close your eyes and feel this dick
Since diapers, had nothing to live for like them lifers but
Making sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher
We paid the price to circle us, success, they turned my mic up
I'm 'bout to hit these niggas with some shit that'll light ya life up
If every nigga in your clique is rich, your clique is rugged
Nobody will fall 'cause everyone will be each others crutches
I hope you fools choose to listen, I drop jewels, bust it
These are the rules I follow in my life, you gotta love it
Jiggy-Jigga looking gully in the joint
If y'all niggas ain't talking 'bout large money, what's the point?
[chorus: mecca]
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moet
it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
[verse 2: jay-z]
Even if it ain't sunny, hey, I ain't complaining
I'm in the rain doing a buck 40, hydroplaning, what, shorty?
(Where you disappear to, son?)
myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in
I'm living, the ill streets' blues got you hunger pang-in'
to gain and a whole lot to lose, you still singing, fool
I'm thorough, in every borough, my name be ringing
it up for the perfect time to hit your brain, and
Ya feelin' it? To all the girls that bought a girdle to conceal my bricks
No doubt, they can vouch my life is real as shit
'95 South and Papi on the Hill and shit
And all the towns like that I killed with, shit
And all the thorough-ass niggas that I hustle with
Throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit
These fake rappers can't really know I'm loving it, you feeling it?
[chorus: mecca]
[verse 3: jay-z]
What, y'all ain't heard that nigga Jay hot?
The they keep me wet like
I keep it tight for all the nights my momma prayed I'd stop
Said she had dreams that snipers hit me with a fatal shot
Those nightmares, ma, those dreams that you say you've got
Give me the chills but these mills, well, they make me hot
Y'all don't feel me, enough to stop the illing right?
But at the same time these dimes keep me feeling tight
I'm so confused, okay I'm getting weeded now
I know I contradicted myself, look, I don't need that now
It's just once in a blue when there's nothing to do
And the tension gets too thick for my sober mind to cut through
I get to zoning: me and the chick on the island and then we're boning
I free my mind sometimes I hear myself moaning
Take one more toke and I leave that weed alone, man
It got me going, shit
[chorus: mecca]

[verse 1 - pusha t]
It go hot waist - Desert taste, four pounds of metal, tri-angle -tate? Never, I'll put hole in whoever
Don't make Push' ya
Gamble with ya life
Change came from cocaine I've measured
They measure my weight in
Make no mistake, I rhyme for the public
But still I push yay that make the ghettos all means I've seen I've lived
By 22 years old, 50 thousand dollar vehicles I dreams start over the stoveI ran over the globe and back again
You seen em, five-ten, hair swingin, dark skinned
Gun on my hip like a sergeant
Wrist Green Power, Chris Tuck' in my watch
the small hand move, it's Rush Hour
[hook]
Homie you don't want no probs wit us
Cause we the type of dudes who don't think when we die (Eghck!)
When you come close to
And you get held back cause you're not supposed to
You die (Eghck!)
When we roll up on get VIP all up in the club
You die (Eghck!)
Homie I am a star
And you might get hurt walking up to my car
[verse 2 - malice]
I offer y'all, 24 bars of eight balls in hard or soft
Time I, push em off, they need help now
Cause I, flood the street with straight melt I'm not proud, in fact I hate this route
This the same game got my brother strung out
So I, count the ways that it fucked up his life
So I don't have a problem with upping my price, uhAnd who said the game ain't fair?
A God damn loser!
Look, just like chicks, them cats they be runnin' they lips
to death am I still in the Clipse
Well, here's a secret bout me and the Clipse
Even in my absence I'm still the shit ya dig?!
doing it big, from the cars to the home
From the cash to the chrome, they can't say the game ain't grown
Did they tell you bout the nine? I keeps me that
And I don't ever fall off like times get tight, the coke game like riding a heavy as me? Not in your life. Hang it up
[hook]
[verse 3 - fam-lay]
See me in a gold Hummer
With two ??? bitches that makes ???
touch them, then I'm a bust them
Both hoes is accustomed
To getting coke through customs
They ain't' the average women would cut them
Trey out the leather 'em at your Chevy bust holes in your Pelle 'bout to ride in Hell's elevator
You got somethin' else to say to God?
You gonna have to tell him later
Time is money
Doubt none of y'all find this funny
See I ain't got time for dummies
If y'all feel me, holler
Put your drinks in the air, then peel your collar
Chrome wheel
Make 'em bounce for FAM-LAY
Cuz your drunk ass might get killed tomorrow
Narcs jumpin' out of U-Haul trucks
Leavin' you all stuck
Behind a park bench, balled-up
So I sleep all day, hustle all night
Like a vampire
But I don't suck blood, I bust slugs
Liquor got me trigger-happy
I can tell that you a hater how you lookin' at me
Young boy, but I'll pop
16 from a magazine
machine
Kill the first
Cop on the scene
I'm stupid

[chorus: layzie bone & bizzy bone]
Wake up, wake up, wake up
It's the first of the month
So get up, get up, get up
So cash your checks and come up
Wake up, wake up, wake up
It's the first of the month
So get up, get up, get up
So cash your checks and come up
[verse 1: krayzie bone]
Hey, my niggas, we havin' a wonderful day
And I won't fuck with me, why? 'Cause it's the first of the month
And now we smokin', jokin', rollin' blunts
And sippin' on 40 ounces, thuggin'
Come, come, we've got the blunts and rum
From jumpin' all nights, we high
Hit up the block to where? East 99
I get with my nigga to get me some yayo
Double up, "Nigga, what you need?"
"We got weed to get P.O.D.'d, fiend for the green leaves"
Double up for the first, fo' sho' better lay low
'Cause the po-po creep when they roll slow
If you can't get away, better toss that yayo
Keep your bankroll
Yeah, we havin' a celebration, love to stay high
And you better believe when it's time to grind
I'm down for mine, crime after crime
Fin to creep to the pad cause moms got the grub on the grill
And we got the 4-0, you know it's the first of the month
And my nigga, we chills for real
[chorus: layzie bone & bizzy bone]
[verse 2: bizzy bone]
Wake up, and I see that my sister was already dressed
She said, "I'ma run and go get my stamps"
"Watch and make sure no one snatches my check"
Nigga, that's the mailman
Sort through the mail and put it up into me pocket
So I be hittin' the 99 to get me a dub for 40 duckets
But ain't no bucket ride that RTA, hop on the 10 to the Clair
Ready to get 'em up with-a me thugs
And to cash that dum, man, I gotta get paid
Playa, playa, holla, holla, St. Clair got much to offer
it be weed on 93
Or off on the Glock-Glock for some dollars
So, get a bag of dope and a quarter O, oh
Most all of my niggas got the same
And we gonna roll it all up to smoke
Hittin' that reefer hydro, you know the cut so fuck them po-po
Toss all that yayo then roll with a pound and stay low
Runnin' through the alley and into the melee
Up on the second the sundown
Those run from , ,
I'm lovin' the first of the month
[chorus: layzie bone & bizzy bone]
[verse 3: wish bone]
Gotta grind, gotta get mine
In the hood that I claim and I slang on that double 9-9
Gotta find them dubs
Gonna get a 40, can a thug get love?
What's up? Try to slang on my corner
Nigga, you's a goner, St. Clair niggas don't like that
And sellin' them dummies, makin' that money
Come back, nigga, get pap, pap
From the 1st to the 15th
Niggas smoke plenty weed but I gotta save, gotta come up
Put my rocks on the cut
When I get high, nigga, blaze that blunt, huh
Time to roll to the pad, count up my profits and add it to the stash
Gotta watch my back, see for niggas that's tryin' to rob me, fool
But never no shorts or no losses
Dumpin', keepin' these niggas up off me
See, gotta search the whole block
Spend a couple of bills, thugs smoke a lot of weed on the 1st
[chorus: layzie bone & bizzy bone]
[verse 4: layzie bone & krayzie bone]
Wakin' up, feelin' buzzed, up early mornin', stretchin', I'm yawnin'
, bent, chugga-lugga take a 5th to the dome
I kick it with my trues
But it's the 1st, so I'm gettin' me hustle on
Hop on the phone, callin' up Bone
Wanna know, did your O.G. check come?
Sure, put me down!
I'ma hop on the bus with Biz (yo brother, let's get drunk!)
And I'm comin' with blunt after blunt of the skunk
Nigga T just put me down
Oh God, how I love when the 1st come around
Now I be freakin' me Black N' Mild
Headed cross town cause niggas, the 1st get celebrated
Rushin' to the block cause I wanna get faded
Lookin' all wild, 'cause I'm gettin' me hair braided
We heavy off into this game
True to the 1st, just call me that pro slang
Them nickels and dimes and 20's and 50's
The 1st be the day for the dopeman
' that cocaine, fool, and I'm workin' late tonight
And all them fiends be lovin' them thugs
'Cause I got them rocks for them pipes
Come, come with-a ease
I gotta get paid on the 1st, gotta blaze up my spliff
Get live with the Bone Thugs
Poetic and the Shift, on the 1st
[chorus: layzie bone & bizzy bone]

[produced by dr. dre]
[chorus: eminem]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
(Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
[verse 1: eminem & dr. dre]
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
"Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted"
Well, since age 12, I felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off
[chorus: eminem]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
[verse 2: eminem]
My teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be 35
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
, running over pedestrians in a spaceship While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
99 percent of my life, I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her
(Oh, thank you)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans
(Ahh, ahh, ahh)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"
[chorus: eminem]
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
[verse 3: eminem]
Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh, yup)
Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
ripped like the Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
'Cause I'm steamin' mad (Grr)
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had
[chorus: eminem]
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?

[intro: snoop dogg]
Yeah, gotta say what's up to my nigga Slick Rick
For those who don't like it, eat a dick
But for those who with me, sing that shit
As it go a little something like this
[verse 1: snoop dogg]
Lodi Dodi, we likes to party
We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody
We're just some niggas who're on the mic
And when we rock up on the mic, we rock the mic (right)
For all my Doggs keepin' y'all in health
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
'Cause it's cool when you cause the cozy condition in
Which we create, cause that's our mission
So listen close, to what we say
this types of shit happens every day
I woke up around 10 o'clock in the morning
I gave myself a stretch, up, a morning yawn, and
Went to the bathroom to wash up
I threw some soap on my face and put my hands up on a cup
And said "Um, mirror mirror, on, the wall
Who is the top dog of them all?"
There was a ruffle duffle, five minutes it lasted
The mirror said, "You are, you conceited bastard!"
Well that's true! That's why we never have no beef
So I slipped off my khakis and my gold leaf
Used Oil of Olay 'cause my skin gets pale
And then I got the file for my fingernails
I'm true to the style on my behalf
I put some bubbles in the tub so I can take a bubble bath
Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new doggy underwear
For all the bitches I might take home
I got the 's Baby Powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed like a million bucks
Threw on my white socks, with my all-blue Chucks
out the house, stopped short, "oh no"
I went back in, "I forgot my Indo!"
Then I dilly (dally) I ran through a (alley)
I bumped into this smoker named (Sally) from the (Valley)
This was a girl playing hard to get
So I said "What's wrong?" 'cause she looked upset
She said, um:
[bridge: nancy fletcher]
It's all because of you, I'm feeling sad and blue
You went away, now my life is filled with rainy days
I love you so, how much you'll never know
'Cause you took your dope away from me
[verse 2: snoop dogg]
Damn, now what was I to do?
She's crying over me and she was feelin blue
I said, "Um, don't cry, dry your eye
And here comes your mother with those two little guys"
Her mean mother steps then says to me "Hi!"
Decked Sally in the face and punched her in the eye
her in the belly and stepped on her feet
the child on the hard concrete
The bitch was strong, the kids was gone
was wrong I said, "What was goin on?"
I tried to break it up, I said, "Stop it, just leave her!"
She said, "If I can't smoke none, she can't either!"
She grabbed me closely by my socks
And so I broke the hell out, and I grabbed my sack of rocks
But um, they gave chase, they caught up quick
They started crying on my shoes and grabbin' my dick
And saying "Why don't you give me a play
So we can break it down the Long Beach way
And if you give me that okay
I'll give you all my love today
Doggy, Doggy, can't you see?
your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your jazzy ways
Doggy Dogg, your love is here to stay"
And on and on and on she kept goin'
The bitch been around before my mother's born!
I said "Cheer up!" and I gave her a hit
I said, "You can't have me, I'm too young for you bitch!"
She said, "No you're not!" then she starts cryin'
I says I'm 19, she says, "Stop lyin!"
I says, "I am, go ask my mother
And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover"
[outro: snoop dogg]
Yeah, uh, tick-tock ya don't stop
And to the, uh, tick-tock n'ya don't quit
Yeah, n'ya tick-tock ya don't stop
And to the, uh, tick-tock n'ya don't quit
Biatch!

[intro]
"Aw, I don't want to fuck you. You can't even sing!" You had to sing, or something, to get some pussy
[chorus 1]
Ooh, baby, I like it raw
Yeah, baby, I like it raw
Ooh, baby, I like it raw
Yeah, baby, I like it raw
[verse 1]
Shimmy, shimmy, ya, shimmy, yam, shimmy, yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon-voyage
Yeah, from the home of the Dodger squad
Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm
Rain on your college-ass disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta go through one killer bee and he aim for the kill now
Chop that down, pass it all around
Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground
For any emcee in any fifty-two states
I get psycho killer, Norman Bates
My producer slam my flow is like bam
Jump on stage and then I dip down
(I like the way you talk)
[chorus 2]
[ backwards verse incorporating part of Verse 3 ( version)]
[verse 2]
Shimmy, shimmy, ya, shimmy, yam, shimmy, yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon-voyage
Yeah, from the home of the Dodger squad
Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm
Rain on your college-ass disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta go through one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill
Now chop that down, pass it all around
Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground
For any emcee in any fifty-two states
I get psycho killer, Norman Bates
My producer slam my flow is like bam
Jump on stage and then I dip down
[outro 1]
Shi-shimmy shimmy ya, yeah
Shi-shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam
Shi-shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Shi-shi shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Shi-shimmy shi-shimmy ya shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Give me the mic so I can take it away, shimmy shimmy ya
[outro 2]
You can't even sing. You have to sing or something to get some pussy
ADDITIONAL EXTENDED VERSE
[verse 3]
See, when a nigga say he likes it raw
Keepin' it dirty, down to the floor
See my name is the ODB and I'll beat your ass
For the ladies who know me tell them who the fuck I be
For the niggas who know me tell them who the fuck I be
My style comes down on y'all like rocks
(Sitin' on the dock of the bay) By the dock!
(...) Umm by the flock
(Don't gooo) By the creak by the flock
Got east coast locked down padlocked
My Zoo niggas be all all down by the flock
[chorus 1]
[verse 1]
You gotta go through one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill
Now chop that down, pass it all around
(I like the way you talk)
Yo, y'all know the lyrics, come on, sing with me
[chorus 1]
[produced by rza]

[produced by don cannon]
[verse 1: young jeezy]
Guess who's bizzack?
Still smell the blow in my clothes
Like Krispy Kreme, I was cooking them O's (cooking them O's)
Like horseshoes, I was tossing them O's
Time to re-up gotta recycle the flow (recycle the flow)
I'm emotional, I hug the block (ay)
I'm so emotional, I love my Glock
Cash rules everything around me, so what's realer?
About the scrilla, call me a Killa (yup)
It's kinda hard to be drug-free
When Power won't give a nigga lights free
hustles, been killin' em ever since
It pays to tell the truth, dog, it only makes sense
[chorus: young jeezy]
When they play that new Jeezy all the dope boys go crazy
And watch the dope boys go crazy
I pop my collar then I swing my chain
You can catch me in the club, pimping, doing my thang (ay)
When they play that new Jeezy all the dope boys go crazy
And watch the dope boys go crazy
Pop your collar then you swing your chain
All the gangstas in the street, they be doing they thang (ay)
[verse 2: young jeezy]
Buy 18 the hard way (let's get it)
Have a humble nigga thinking about gun play (chea)
Now who the fuck wanna play with guns?
A lot of holes, a lot of blood, dog...the shit ain't fun (nope)
So I suggest you don't play with my chains
I'll send these hollows atchya, let em play with ya brain (that's right)
The streets is watching, the name is warm
The product's white, a star is born (yeeaah)
And I'm so fly, if I take this parachute off, I might fall and die (damn)
Wrap the work like spandex with the latex (yeah)
Then we ship it out of town, call it safe sex (ay)
[chorus: young jeezy]
I pop my collar then I swing my chain
You can catch me in the club, pimping, doing my thang
Pop your collar then you swing your chain
All the gangstas in the street, they be doing they thang (ay)
[verse 3: jay-z]
More than a hustler, I'm the definition of it
Master chef, Lord of the kitchen cupboard
More than a street legend, homie, it's Hova
More than a relief pitcher, I'm the closer
The of the
If money talks, the whole world's 'bout to hear me out
See, I'm a hustler's hope, I'm not his pipe dreams
So when they speak of success, I'm what they might mean
money, my worst color is light green
My favorite hue is Jay-Z Blue
Don't follow me, young'un, follow my moves, I'm not a role model
My bad influence got the world drinking gold bottles
When Puff was in that tub spilling Mo'
I was at my video, Cris' on the speedboat
In My , nigga, go through your research
St. Thomas, my nigga, that was me first
Chrome-shoe'd the GS, I came feet-first
In the game like a baby born to breech birth
I got the keys if you need work
I can kingpin you a line, a dime at a time
My niggas love it when I talk like this
My corporate people start bugging 'cause I talk like this
The corporate thugs is like "Nah Hov', talk that shit
The dope boys go crazy when they hear that boy Jay-Z!"
See I'ma '80s baby, master of
School of Hard Knocks, every day is college
You ain't did nothing I ain't did, nigga pay homage
Or pay the doctor, I spray Llamas still
The time'll reveal, you know I'm being honest
Ya ain't pull my coat yet and I keep my shit in coat check
They say the truth shall come to the light
So everybody grab your shades 'cause your boy that bright
[chorus: young jeezy]
You can catch me in the club, pimping, doing my thang

[dj drama]
[fabolous in the background]
For all of ya'll I know you're feeling yourself
Yeah going against me is like killing yourself nigga
it's a suicide, suicide it's a suicide
[verse - fabolous]
How you want it, in the abdomen or back?
Cause enemies poke you from the front, friends stab you in the back
The same niggas who trying to collab you on the track
But turn right around and try to crab you on the smack
the ups and downs I just try to stay level-headed
I hear a lot of bullshit but I never sweat it
Cause when you ask 'em 'bout it, They goin' say they never said it
They know if it's beef I let the Mac-11 dead it
And when I spit you could dig it like a shovel said it
You couldn't hear a hotter flow if the devil said it
I walk by 'em and wink
I don't feel T's Pain cause I never had to buy him a drink
Double shot of Loso baby, I am the drink
Tell em lay down on the couch baby, I am the shrink
I bring your lady home, but I got the 80 chromed
Niggas go Tom Cruise crazy for the Katie Holmes
I know niggas living in the Fed
Who say don't look down unless she giving you some head
I'm driven by the bread, my push is the paper
I roll up like kush in the paper
I gotta be Kobe, you never see niggas like Smush in the paper
Unless he got pushed in the paper
So my niggas be on some bullshit, I call them the "Heat sweepers"
They ride around with the street sweepers
They murk you at the , but they kill you in the streets cheaper
Either way you 6 feet deeper
It's Loso, a.k.a the 1 Trump Plaza suite creeper
King size, double-G Gucci sheet sleeper
The kid blow shots, catch me in the kid robot
5 in the jersey, cause the kid so hot
to Jason, you point at the guard/God
You must got an appointment with God
A meeting with Allah, or maybe a hot date with Satan
Niggas is food, I got hot plates for hating
So when they bring the name up, They goin' say I came up
That shit alone be burning these fucking lames up
Come through in a , just to turn the flames up
So you wanna take a shot? Nigga better aim up
Loso top shelf, Nigga I'm the betta liquor
Ain't goin' nowhere for a while, you could get a
I fuck her quick, get her quicker
Ma momma said keep your tongue in your mouth unless you a letter licker
I'm getting money bitch, but I ain't a cheddar tricker
Got the Texas toast meaning that my bread is thicker
As a young'n I was too cool to sweat a whore
Now I'm fuckin pretty bitches with them good credit scores
Nigga with mental loss can't forget I been a boss
Trying me is like bungeeing with dental floss, fucker

[produced by kanye west and no i.d.]
[intro: jay-z]
, trois
Yeah, yeah
[verse 1: jay-z]
What we talkin' 'bout? Real shit or we talkin' 'bout rhymes?
You talkin' 'bout millions or you talkin' 'bout mine?
What we talkin' 'bout? 'Cause I ain't got time
For what people be talkin' 'bout all the time
What we talkin' 'bout? or we talkin' 'bout fact?
You talkin' 'bout fiction? Hold up, pardon my back
I'm talkin' 'bout life (Life, life)
And all I hear is, "Oh yeah, he keeps talkin' 'bout crack"
I ain't talkin' 'bout profit, I'm talkin' 'bout pain
I'm talkin' 'bout despair, I'm talkin' 'bout shame
I ain't talkin' 'bout gossip, I ain't talkin' 'bout Game
I ain't talkin' 'bout Jimmy, I ain't talkin' 'bout Dame
I'm talkin' 'bout real shit, them people playin'
What is you talkin' 'bout? I don't know what y'all sayin'
People keep talkin' 'bout, "Hov, take it back!"
I'm doin' better than before, why would I do that?
Ain't nothin' cool 'bout carryin' a strap
'Bout worryin' your moms and buryin' your best cat
I'm talkin' 'bout revenge while carryin' his casket
All teary-eyed, 'bout to take it to a mattress
I'm talkin' 'bout music, I ain't talkin' 'bout rap
You talkin' 'bout who's hot, I ain't talkin' 'bout that
The conversation is changed, let's yap about that
I don't run rap no more, I run the map
[chorus: luke steele & jay-z]
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
I see what y'all talkin' about, ha ha
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?
[verse 2: jay-z]
Chyeah, still they can't focus on them, they be talkin' 'bout me
Talkin' 'bout what I wear, talkin' 'bout where I be
Yeah, check out my hair, these ain't curls, these is peas
Peasey head still get paid, I'm combin' through G's
Please, we ain't focused on naps
'Cause I don't run rap no more, I run the map
A small part of the reason the is black
I told him I got him when he hit me on the jack
Talkin' 'bout progress, I ain't lookin' back
You know I run track, try not to get lapped
People keep talkin' 'bout Hov left 'em flat
Tryna rewrite history, let's talk about facts
Dame made millions, even Jaz made some scraps
He could've made more but he ain't sign his contract
As far as street guys, we was dealin' crack
That's just how the game goes, I don't owe nobody jack
Grown men, want me to sit 'em on my lap
But I don't have a beard and Santa Claus ain't black
I repeat, you can't sit on my lap
I don't have a beard, now get off my sack-scream at me!
[chorus: luke steele & jay-z]
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?
[verse 3: jay-z]
And now that that's that, let's talk about the future
We have just seen the dream as predicted by Martin Luther
Now you could choose to sit in front of your computer
Posin' with guns, shootin' up
Or you could come with me to the White House, get your suit up
You stuck on being hardcore, I chuck the deuce up
Peace out Medusa
to the Blue-ah-Print-ah tre-piece, Jay-Z your tutor
Tooter of my own horn, beep beep, moo ya
Rass clot when rude boy come through with the roof up
So I could see the sky
'Cause everybody talkin' Hov, I think we know why
[chorus: luke steele]
[outro: luke steele]
They say
They say

[produced by kanye west & no i.d]
[intro: rihanna]
Feel it comin' in the air
Hear the screams from everywhere
I'm addicted to the thrill
It's a dangerous love affair
Can't be scared when it goes down
Got a problem, tell me now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who's gon' run this town tonight
Is who's gon' run this town tonight
We gon' run this town!
[verse 1: jay z]
We are, yeah, I said it: we are
This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance
Get your fatigues on, all black everything
Black cards, black cars, all black everything
And our girls are blackbirds ridin' with they
I get more in depth if you boys really real enough
This is la , I'll explain later
But for now, let me get back to this paper
I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' to get back
I gave Doug a grip and lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah, I'm talkin' 5 comma, 6 zeros, dot zero, here Doug
Back to runnin' circles round niggas, now we squared up
[chorus: rihanna]
Life's a game, but it's not fair
I break the rules, so I don't care
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain
's within the mile
Almost there, don't give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Heyyy, heyy, heyyy, heyy
Who's gon' run this town tonight?
[verse 2: jay z]
We are, yeah, I said it: we are
You can call me Caesar, in a dark Caesar
Please follow the leader, so Eric B we are
fiend, this the return of the God
Peace, God, ah ah, it ain't no nobody fresher
I'm in Maison, ah, Martin
On the table, screamin'
"Fuck the other side! They're jealous!"
We got a banquette full of broads
They got a table full of fellas
Yeah, and they ain't spendin' no cake
They should throw their hand in
'Cause they ain't got no spades
Yeah, my whole team got dough
So my banquette is lookin' like millionaires' row
[chorus: rihanna]
Life's a game, but it's not fair
I break the rules, so I don't care
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain
's within the mile
Almost there, don't give up now
Heyyy, heyy, heyyy, heyy
Who's gon' run this town tonight?
[verse 3: kanye west]
It's crazy how you can go from bein' Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick; no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time I'm in church: please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' Rav 4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gon' want one thing
I can spend my whole life goodwill hunting
Only good gon' come is this good when I'm cumming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ungh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels."
"Is that a May- what?!" "Baby, these wheels."
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel
[outro: jay z & rihanna]
Yeah, yeah, whassup!
We gon' run this town tonight

[intro: jay-z]
[verse 1: jay-z]
Yeah, I'm out that , now I'm down in
Right next to De Niro, but I'll be hood forever
I'm the new , and since I made it here
I can make it anywhere, yeah, they love me everywhere
I used to cop in Harlem-hola, my (Dimelo!)
Right there up on , brought me back to that 's
Took it to my stash spot, 560 State Street
Catch me in the kitchen, like a whippin' pastry
' down 8th Street, off-white Lexus
Drivin' so slow, but BK is from Texas
Me? I'm out that Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie
Now I live on and I brought my boys with me
Say what up to Ty Ty, still sippin' Mai Tais
Sittin' courtside, Knicks and Nets give me high fives
Nigga, I be spiked out, I could trip a referee
Tell by my attitude that I'm most definitely from
[chorus: alicia keys & jay-z]
In New York (Ayy, aha) (Uh, yeah)
jungle (Yeah) where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (Yeah) (Okay)
Now you're in New York (Aha, aha, aha) (Uh, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new (New)
Big lights will inspire you (Come on) (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (You welcome, OG) (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh) (I made you hot, nigga)
[verse 2: jay-z]
Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game
Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous than a Yankee can
You should know I bleed blue, but I ain't a Crip though
But I got a gang of niggas walkin' with my clique though
to the meltin' pot, corners where we sellin' rock
Afrika shit, home of the hip-hop
Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back
For foreigners, it ain't fair, they act like they forgot how to add
Eight million stories out there in the naked
City, it's a pity half of y'all won't make it
Me? I gotta plug Ed, "I Got It Made"
If Jeezy's payin' LeBron, I'm payin' Dwyane Wade
Three dice cee-lo, three-card Marley
Labor Day Parade-rest in peace, Bob Marley
Statue of , long live the World Trade
Long live the king, yo-I'm from the Empire State, that's
[chorus: alicia keys & jay-z]
In New York (Ayy) (Uh, yeah)
jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (That boy good) (Okay)
Now you're in New York ( to the bright lights, baby) (Uh, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh)
[verse 3: jay-z]
Lights is blinding, girls need blinders
So they can step out of bounds quick, the side lines is
Lined with casualties who sip the life casually
Then gradually become worse - don't bite the apple, Eve!
Caught up in the in-crowd, now you're in-style
Into the winter gets cold, en vogue with your skin out
City of sin is a pity on a whim
Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with them
Mami, took a bus trip, now she got her bust out
ride her, just like a bus route
"Hail Mary" to the city, you're a virgin
And Jesus can't save you, life starts when the church end
Came here for school, graduated to the high life
Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight
MDMA got you feelin' like a champion
The city never sleeps, better slip you a Ambien
[chorus: alicia keys & jay-z]
In New York (Ayy, ow) (Uh, yeah)
jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (Okay)
Now you're in New York (Uh, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh)
[bridge: alicia keys]
One hand in the air for the big city (Oh)
Street lights, big dreams, all lookin' pretty (Oh)
No place in the world that could compare (Nah)
Put your lighters in the air, everybody say
"Yeah, yeah" (Come on, come on)
"Yeah, yeah" (Come on)
[chorus: alicia keys]
In New York (Uh, yeah)
There's nothin' you can't do (Okay)
Now you're in New York (Uh, yeah)

[verse 1: jay-z]
say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels (Bling-bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
The same dude you gave nothin', I made somethin' doin'
What I do through and through and
I give you the news with a twist, it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade, you been afraid I penetrate pop culture
Bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters
And they live with they moms, got dropped roadsters
From botched robberies, niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up 'cause she wasn't watched over
down by some clown
When child support knocked, "No, he's not around"
Now, how that sound to ya? Jot it down
I bring you through the ghetto without ridin' 'round
Hidin' down, duckin' strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothin' relate to it?
I help them see they way through it, not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth, you'll lose your tie and your shirt
[verse 2: eminem]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician, but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
'Cause see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits, I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth, grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits?
But there's a huge interference, they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in
As a motherfuckin' drug addict, like you didn't experiment?
Now, now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage (Haha)
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here?
I don't think you do, so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
'Cause here we go, he's Jigga-Jur-Jigga-Jih-Jigga
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass is just a
[chorus: eminem & jay-z]
, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(?), anything ()
, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to holler about anything
(?), anything ()
[verse 3: jay-z]
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
filled with a lotta lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lotta innocent lives lost on the project bench
What you hollerin'? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin' braver
Durag wrappin' my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me
I'm awkward, I box lefty
An orphan, my pops left me
And often my mama wasn't home
Could not stress to me, I wasn't grown
' on nights I brought somethin' home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin' green up
Raisin' my fingers to critics, raisin' my head to the sky
Big, I did it, multi before I die
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight
[verse 4: eminem]
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day
Jesus Christ, the king of these Latter-day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as
A monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat who they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistlin' "Dixie"
While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty against me
Go to war with the , take a bath with the
In holy water, no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (Huh?), I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a motherfuckin'
[chorus: eminem & jay-z]
Never been afraid to talk about anything
Never been afraid to holler about anything

[ by Stevie J, Diddy, Myrick and 6 July]
[verse 1: ma$e]
Now, who's hot, who not?
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
Whose jewels got rocks?
Who's mostly Dolce down to the tube sock?
The same old pimp, Mase
You know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
a million sales, call it love or luck
You don't believe in Harlem World, nigga, double up
We don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
Niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no Ph.D. niggas hold me down
Cudda schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then you yell, "There go Mase!", there go your cutie
[chorus: kelly price]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
[verse 2: puff daddy]
I'm the D to the A to the D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots, rip all the spots
Rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
I know you thinking now, "When all the ballin' stops?"
Nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gon' do with a crew
That got money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours?
me, this'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around, be D.O.A., be on your way
'Cause it ain't enough time here
Ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
Deal with many women but treat dimes fair
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square
Yea, yea, yea
[chorus: kelly price]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
[verse 3: notorious b.i.g.]
B-I-G P-O-P-P-A
No info for the DEA
agents mad 'cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
, I told ya, mere mics to me
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage, the girls boo too much
I guess it's 'cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch? Never that!
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at? Throw your Rolies in the sky
Wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player, please
, niggas see B.I.G be flossin'
Jig on the cover of , 5-double-O
Here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
I got the dough, got the flow down pizat
plus like thizat
on trizacks, leave your ass flizat
[chorus: kelly price]
[break: kelly price]
What's going on? (what's going on?)
tell me (what's going on?)
[chorus: kelly price]

[intro: sample & jim jones]
I wear a mean dark pair of shades
And you can't see my eyes
Unless my head is bent, you dig? (Uh-huh)
[Chorus: Jim Jones, [?] & Cam'ron]
We fly high, no lie (You hear that?), you know this (Let's ride... Ballin'!)
rides outside (Yessir!), it's like showbiz (We in the building)
We stay fly (Ballin'), no lie, and you know this (Ballin'!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused
[verse 1: jim jones]
Ya boy gettin' paper (Money), I buy big cars ()
Eight fly rides just to drive in my garage (Choose one!)
Stay sky high (), fly with the stars (, twinkle)
G4 , 80 grand large (Ballin'!)
So we lean with it, pop with it ()
' Jones, mean with the top missin' ('!)
I'm sittin' clean with the bottom kitted (Do it!)
I hopped out, saggy jeans and my rock glistened (Ballin'!)
But I spent about 8 grand
Mami on stage doin' the rain dance (I think she like me)
She let it hit the floor, made it pop (What else?)
Got my pedal to the floor screamin', "Fuck the cops!" (Do it!)
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
rides outside, it's like showbiz
We stay fly, no lie, and you know this (Ballin'!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused
[verse 2]
Slow down, here tonight, could be gone tomorrow (One chance)
So I speed through life like there's no tomorrow ('!)
G's worth of ice on the (Flossy!)
And we in the street life 'til they call the law (Ballin'!)
I made the whip get naked (What happened?)
While I switch gears, bitch lookin' at the bracelet (Got 'em)
Step out, show me what you all about
to last night of me ballin' out (Harlem!)
1 AM, we was at the club (What happened?)
2 AM, ten bottles of bub (Money ain't a thing)
And by 3-somethin' I was thinkin' 'bout grub
So I stumbled to the car due to drinks and the drugs ()
[Chorus: Jim Jones & [?]]
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
rides outside, it's like showbiz
We stay fly, no lie, and you know this (Ballin'!)
[verse 3]
(Nigga, could you buy that?) I keep 20 in the pocket (Light change)
You talkin' buck 80 if the is the topic (That Grey Poupon)
But of course gotta fly the Spur ([?])
To the hood and roll dice on side the curb (I got bank)
But I know a G a bet may sound absurd (Get your money up!)
Drive 80 up Lenox 'cause I got a urge (', speedin')
The rap game like the crack game
rich, famous, livin' in the fast lane (Ballin', ballin')
So when I bleep, shorty bleep back
Lou' belt where I'm keepin' all the heat strapped (Loaded)
I beat the trial over Rucker (Let's do it!)
All guns loaded and I'm back, motherfucker (Dipset)
[Chorus: Jim Jones & [?]]
rides outside, it's like showbiz (Ballin')
We stay fly (Stay fly), no lie (No lie), and you know this (Ballin')
Hips and thighs (Eh), oh my (Oh my), stay focused
[outro]
Chea, you niggas need to stay focused when you dealin' with a motherfuckin' G
You know my name, Jones, One Eye, Capo Status, all the above, motherfucka
This Dipset, , we born to fly, y'all know the rules: fall back or fall back
tell my bitch Summer I'm lookin' for her, ya dig? day another dollar, fast life fucka
Dipset
We stay fly, no lie, and you know this

[produced by kanye west]
[intro]
Are you going to be, say that you're gonna be
[hook: jamie foxx]
She say she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther
A little Anita, will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well)
She say she want some Ready For The World, some New
Some Minnie , will definitely set this party off right
Yes it well, oh yes it will
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well)
[verse 1: kanye west]
Yes it will, it definitely will! You know what I told her?
I told her to "Drive over in your new whip
Bring some friends you cool with
I'mma bring the Cool Whip, then I want you to strip
See you is my new chick, so we get our grind on
She be grabbing, calling me Biggie, like Shyne home
Man I swear she fine homes, why she always lying though?
me them diamonds, when she know they rhinestones
She got a light-skinned friend, look like
Got a dark-skinned friend, look like
I played Ready for the World, she was ready for some action
My dog said you ain't no freak, so you 'bout to prove my man wrong
I'mma play this , you gon' take your pants off
I'mma play this Gladys Knight, me and you gon' get right
[hook: jamie foxx]
She say she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther
A little Anita, will definitely set this party off right
She say she want some Ready For The World, some New
Some Minnie , will definitely set this party off right
Yes it well, oh yes it will
[interlude: aisha tyler & kanye west]
Now Kanye, I know I told you to slow it down, baby
And it's good, it's all good, it's beautiful, it's beautiful
But now I need you to do it faster, baby
Can you please? Do it faster baby, do it faster!
Damn, baby; I can't do it that fast...
But I know somebody who can, Twista!
[verse 2: twista]
Got you looking at the gliss' on my hands and wrists
While I'm laying back and smoking on my cannabis
When it come to rocking the rhythm like Marvin and Luther
I can tell you ain't no messin' with Kan-man and Twist
In the Chi, and I be sipping
Play some R&B while I smoke a B
You can't fuck with me, put that on a G
And all is (Well well well well)
Come with me and sip on some Evelyn
You ain't know Twista can work it like The ?
Hit the stop light, movin' to some Ides
His rims still moving so I bump a little
While I'm smoking on a B, dipping through the streets
R&B, and I got the heat on them 23's
And I do it (Well well well well)
With my Earth in the Wind smokin' Fire
Let me get your sheets wet listening to Keith Sweat
Put you in a daze with Maze
her with every temptation, slow-jamming, having deep sex
You Ready for the World, girl? Come on go with me
I'll touch you all over your body, baby don't say no to me
And every note'll be controlling me
I'm loving the way you be holding me when I be listening to Jodeci
And when I come over and bend your ass
You be bumpin' Teddy
I done hit it from the back to the melody of "Roll It Slow"
Now I gotta go up in it fast, but I'mma finish last
No matter how much of a thug, you see
I still spit it like its R&B, go to the club with me
And with some Luther come on
I hope you feelin' me and still gon' be in love with me, and I ride...
[hook: jamie foxx]
[verse 3: twista]
Baby drop another slow jam
And all us lovers, need to hold hands
And if you ain't got no man, hop up in my
I keep it pimping like an old man, you gots to roll with the plan
Cause after that, then I take it to the dome
Then I got to bone, stay up in the zone
Got to get you home, gotta run up on
And I do it (well well well well)
Baby drop another slow jam
And all us lovers, need to hold hands
And if you ain't got no man, hop up in my
I keep it pimping like an old man, you gots to roll with the plan
Cause after that then I, take you to my home
We can get it on, disconnect the phone
Trying to get you gone, I'mma make you moan
And I'll do it (Well well well well)

[produced by araabmuzik]
[verse 1]
Some girls say that I'm the cutest, others say I'm the rudest
like a expose em like a nudist
I'm Jesus, they Judas, my diamonds: the bluest
Got the answers, they clueless, -foolish
I'm with a stewardess, mami say a "flight attendant"
Called her a "stupid bitch". Sorry? Nah, I might have meant it
See I'm type: demented. 4 mil? I might have spent it
But I got It back right back, yeah yeah my life is splendid
Me and mommy drinking, drinking to the point she hurls
I'm bout to swirl the whirl-whirl, want to join me girl?
The clothes: from Italy, the coat: from Sicily
I'm talking literally, (c'mon now stop kidding me)
I don't kid at all, I get it all, get rid of it all
Come and stay with me, oh, where I live? The mall
Banker banker, dealership, and the rim shop
You know who him, slim, before MIMS I been hot
[hook]
Baby come and play and lay and
Stay with me, girlfriend I'll change your life
Spend the night with me, we'll talk and
Chill and watch TV she said (sure you're right)
[verse 2]
Miami, listening to Brisco, I get it cooking like Crisco
From Chi town back to Frisco, my diamonds like the disco
Mami what the hell you like, you know what the hell I like
A hood bitch, stretch marks, beaty beat, cellulite
Baby we need each other, don't want to meet your mother
My mouth is like the sewer, yeah yeah I keep it gutter
I sell hot peas and butter, don't want to see you suffer
A nigga like me, won't meet another, you clogged up, I'll be your plumber
Sorta like Drano...you know how the game goes
color cars, my garage a rainbow
I'm a leprechaun, but I sell Meth-a-don
Mari-juan, hero-on, ten year run, marathon
My hood like , but that's its
You up in something fly, I got my weapon on
We get our chefin on, chefin on everyday
I got the cookie-cutter, mami the pepper spray
[hook]
[verse 3]
Lets get this guacamole, you feeling hot then hold me
You had your guard up at first like a soccer goalie
If I got it you get it, baby I get it you got it
Lets hit the , terrific, I'm feeling melodic
Cause you looking exotic, now you getting erotic
Like you straight from the tropics, want to shoot it and cock it
Not the , baby girl, I'm talking something else
All she do is look and say "Cam, you something else"
Listen love I ain't the one to get lovey-dovey
But you looking good you ever need a hubby love me
You got to love me shots of bubbly
Get your mouth wet, you the outlet, got to plug me

[intro: bobby valentino & (lil wayne)]
Ayy
Ayy (yeah)
Ayy, ayy, ayy
() Woo woo woo! (yeah, yeah) yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (yeah) yeah yeah
(Yeah) Woo woo woo! Yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (Bobby )
[chorus: bobby valentino & (lil wayne)]
When I get up all in ya (yeah)
We can hear the angels calling us (chyeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (yeah)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
(Deezle on the beat) I make it say
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay) wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (haha)
I make ya say
[verse 1: lil wayne & (bobby valentino)]
Yeah, doin' a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop, haha
She got me thinking I can date a cop, haha
Cause her uniform fit her so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in her car, she cut off all the lights
She said I have the right, to remain silent
Now I got her hollering, sounding like a siren
'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high, a-bove the law
And she know I'm raw, she know I'm from the streets
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
[chorus: bobby valentino & (lil wayne)]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us (yeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (umm)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (yeah)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (hey) I'll make ya say
[verse 2: lil wayne & (bobby valentino)]
Haha, and after we got done
I said "Lady, what's your number?" She said "911"
Hah, emergency only
Head doctor perform surgery on me
Yeah, and now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs and heels
Then I beat it like a cop
Rodney King, baby, yeah I beat it like a cop
Hahah! Beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said "Beat it like a cop"
But I ain't tryna be violent
But I'll do the time, but her love is timeless
Mrs.
I know you wish your name was Mrs. Carter, huh?
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah
[chorus: bobby valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say
[verse 3: kidd kidd & (bobby valentino)]
Mrs. , Mrs.
Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of ya
I'm Kidd Kidd, my face on every wanted poster
I'm wanted by every lady cop all over
That ass so big, I catch a battery to hold ya
Hands so big, you thought I told, "Pull it over"
She pulled me over, pulled me out the Rover
Then she pulled me closer, do me in back of the car
Put me in handcuffs, start ripping my pants off
All you heard over the dispatcher is...
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh wee)
[chorus: bobby valentino]
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
I make it say
[bridge: bobby valentino]
Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key
Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift
Cause it's on tonight
in bed turns to breakfast and head
And I can't wait to get it on
I wanna do it all night long, Mrs.
[chorus: bobby valentino]
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say

[hook: pusha t & pharrell]
What's the size of them rims on that car nigga, huh? (!)
Can they see that chain from afar nigga, huh? (!)
What'cha game be like? (!)
What'cha chain be like? (!)
So what'cha name be like? (!)
Ma, it don't get more ghetto than this
[verse 1: n.o.r.e. & pharrell]
You see I'm grimey-minded, you've been blinded
Lookin for a beat like mine, you can't find it
You hear the Clipse and N.O.R.E., gotta rewind it (beep beep!)
you get on the run and get finded
(!) You know I got guns
Why you actin like my daughters? You know I got sons
(!) Nah, we won't speak fam
Aiming at ya collar bone, hit ya in ya cheek fam
[verse 2: pusha t]
From ghetto to ghetto to backyard to yard
I sell it whipped, un-whipped, it's soft or hard
Stand on that table, nigga, spit that Cris, nigga
Throw that chair, make 'em recognize this: raw
Playa looka here
I'm great in the kitchen like cookware
Uncle Jemima, with my braids wrapped
And three-minute recipes for cookin flapjacks
Coke price through the roof, SL flew the coop
My niece askin how my rims bigger than a hula-hoop
Cuzzo, I make the block holla
Take it back to childhood how the scale teeter-totter
As I evolve, weight grew heavy
It was kinda like my buddy just fell off the see-saw
Bricks in the muffler, Mac-11 touch ya
's hustler, I'm here motherfucker
[hook: pusha t & pharrell]
What's the size of them rims on that car nigga, huh? (!)
Can they see that chain from afar nigga, huh? (!)
What'cha game be like? (!)
What'cha chain be like? (!)
So what'cha name be like? (!)
Ma, it don't get more ghetto than this
[verse 3: birdman]
I'm Big Tymin
In a bubble-eye Lex, so fly and (so fly! so fly!)
I cook/cut crack, that's besides me
Them big, big rims on tires and, we shinin
Me and Weezy (holla holla)
Gold rims can't see me (holla holla)
New Benz on tweezies (holla holla)
truck beamy, fo sheezy
[verse 4: lil' wayne]
From hood to hood, bitch nigga, yard to yard
Hey I'm your hero cause I've got that heroin and that raw
Check the rims on my car
Naw, don't check 'em though cause they stuffed with blow
Weezy Baby, still in the kitchen
Just put a little curve on the shit I'm pitchin
You need a hit, I'm Mark , come holla
I watch the base at home, I'm umpire
[post-chorus: clipse & pharrell]
' (whoa)
You know what I keep in a lining (whoa)
Niggas better stay in line when (whoa)
You see a nigga like me shinin' (grinding!)
' (whoa)
You know what I keep in a lining (whoa)
Niggas better stay in line when (whoa)
You see a nigga like me shinin' (grinding!)
[verse 5: malice]
Took 13 South, cross the Bay Bridge with it
Ring the triangle, dinner bell, come and get it!
The time in the kitchen, I dare not mention
When my cell phone echo, I swear they listening
'89 was my beginning y'all
Young snot-nosed, stashed yams in a tennis ball
Cops swore we was playing catch, no!
We was adding stretch, no choice, beg 'til you outta breath
I ducked the Feds, they seeing my weight grow
love Malice for his comeback ratio
If they got popped, we made sure they made bail
Cause if not, we be scared they gon tell
Patty cake, that's me, bake the pies
Pyrex, mixed that, scrape the sides
, Glock-9 in the lining
May God strike a nigga dead if he lying
[hook: pusha t & pharrell]

[intro: lil wayne]
My girl get in at 1:15 a.m. (Yeah)
The guitar's cryin' right now
Just a couple things that's goin' on in my life, you know?
[verse 1: lil wayne]
Brim leanin' (Yeah), cup tilted (Yeah)
Blunt flickin' (Yeah), get money, fuck bitches (Hah)
Young Weezy (Woah), young pimpin' (Ow), she love it (Yeah)
I keep goin', she keep cummin', what you know 'bout it? (Nothin')
So 'bout it (Yeah), like Master P (Who?)
But no coward (Uh-uh)
No, I am no Howard the Duck, duck (Baow)
Lead showers (Yeah), black flowers (Yeah)
Black dresses (Yeah), two hours (Yeah)
Closed casket, uh (Aw)
My dough tactics is so crafty (Yes)
No laughter (Uh)
I do that after I get the dough, bastards (Stupid)
I get the dough faster (Yes), what if I flowed faster? (Damn)
Like, oh, Nancy, the four's plastic, automatic, I'm (Ow)
More drastic, you're no-names compared to me (Yeah)
Who are you? Where are ya?
I can't see you, you're air to me (Nothin')
You're not there to me (Nothin')
I ain't fuckin' with you bitch niggas (Hah)
I'm fucking your sis, nigga, it's Weezy (Yeah)
[chorus: nikki & lil wayne]
If you gon' call him Weezy (Yeah, yeah, y-yeah, that's, that's me)
Then you must say the Baby (Bitch, please say the baby)
If you don't say the Baby (And if you don't say the baby)
Then just don't say it at all (Shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, bitch, yeah)
[verse 2: lil wayne]
Yeah, I'm slick as an old mack, I'm (Yeah)
Sick as a Prozac (Yeah), and Tha Carter I was the (Hah)
Dick for you hoes' trap, and (Ah) this is Tha Carter II and (Yeah)
This is the bozack, ah (Ow), diggin' you hoes back (Bitch)
Quick if I blow back, I (Yeah), got it, gone, Rabbit (Oh)
Fast, my daddy Rabbit's at home, what up, pa? (What up?)
What up, Pac? (What up?), what up, Pun? (What up?)
What up, Big? (What up?), what up, Soulja? (What up?)
As the streets get colder, I get chillier (Yeah)
What up, Left Eye? (What up?), what up, ? (What up?)
Yeah, TEC-9 close by, touch 'em up (Yeah)
I shoot niggas in the mouth, boy, pucker up (Mwah)
Sweet succotash (Yeah), gee, golly, what the fuck? (Ow)
Where the hell all these new pussy rappers come from? (Huh?)
I chew 'em up like bubble gum, yum, yum
Young Weezy so troublesome, what-what? (Ow)
[chorus: nikki & lil wayne]
If you gon' call him Weezy (That's, baby, that's me)
Then you must say the Baby (I said do me a favor, please say the Baby)
If you don't say the Baby (But if you don't say the baby)
Then just don't say it at all (Shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, bitch)
[verse 3: lil wayne]
I ain't talkin' fast, you just listenin' too slow (Yeah)
I'm gettin' them , can serve like the (Yeah)
If I'm in any predicament, nervous? Never that
Got a gat to knock whoever back, back, very flat
Chest caved in, mess on the pavement
Splat, cherry wax, rrah, bury that (Hah)
Rats, scary cat (Hah), rrat, carry that (Hah)
triggerman, guns in a knapsack, yeah
Area code five-zero-four (Yeah)
I am Nino fuckin' Brown and this is Tha Carter, ho (Woah)
This is a quarter, stick this in ya garter, ho
Leave out the back and go straight to the corner store (Hah)
Return with the cake, come with all my dough (Yeah)
If not, they find you in a lake in the morning, ho (Oh)
Weezy Baby, please say the Baby (Hey, hey)
If not, don't you motherfuckin' say it at all, oh (Bitch)
[chorus: nikki & lil wayne]
If you gon' call him Weezy (Baby, that's me)
Then you must say the Baby (Say the Baby)
If you don't say the Baby (If you don't say the baby)
Then just don't say it at all (Shut the, shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, bitch)
[outro: lil wayne]
It's real pimpin', uh
It's real pimpin' goin' on like bitch
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You could be my bitch
Uh, uh-uh-uh
It's real pimpin', real nigga, ow

[intro: missy elliott & timbaland]
[*yawning*]
Run the track
[chorus: missy elliott & ann peebles]
Me I'm super fly, super dupa fly
(I can't stand the rain) Supa dupa fly
Me I'm super fly, (against my window) super dupa fly
(I can't stand the rain) supa dupa fly
Me I'm super fly, (against my window) super dupa fly
Me I'm super fly, (against my window)
[verse 1: missy elliott]
When the rain hits my window
I take and cough me some indo
Me and , ooh, we sang a jangle
We so tight that you get our styles tangled
Sway on dosie-do like you loco
Can we get kinky tonight?
Like Coko, so-so
You don't wanna play with my Yo-Yo
I smoke my hydro on the D-low (D-D-D-D-D-low)
[hook: ann peebles]
I can't stand the rain against my window
I can't stand the rain against my window
I can't stand the rain
[verse 2: missy elliott]
Beep, beep, who got the keys to the Jeep, vroom
I'm driving to the beach
Top down, loud sounds, see my peeps
Give them pounds, now look who it be
It be me, me, me and
Look like it's 'bout to rain, what a shame
I got the Armor-All to shine up the stain
Oh, Missy, try to maintain
Icky-icky-icky-icky-icky-icky-icky
[hook: ann peebles]
I can't stand the rain
[verse 3: missy elliott & ann peebles]
I feel the wind
Begin, I sit on Hills like Lauryn
Until the rain starts coming down, pouring
Chill, I got my umbrella
My finger waves these days, they fall like Humpty
Chumpy, I break up with him before he dump me
To have me, (I can't stand the rain), yes, you lucky (against my window)
[outro: ann peebles]
I I can't stand the rain against my window

[talking]
I was sitting back, and I was thinking man
I ain't even trying to deal with this shit no more, you know
Cham' I don't know what to do yo, ya know
Seem like everytime a nigga make one step man
Nigga take two steps back, you feel me
[verse 1 - chamillionaire]
They told me that pain was just in the brain, the irony of that
Cause that was the slogan showing, when they tried to see my tats
Never knew what was in the skin would finally be a fact
like mother nature's right behind me with a Gat
Take that, the rain's loud on the window when it taps
To help with the time I thought that I could finally be relaxed
Tired of being poor, yeah, trying to leave the rats
Walk out to see the 3 of your tires that be on flat
And that one tire left's a sign of hope
That helps you to keep on grinding when you kinda broke
That helps you to keep composure up around your folk
That keeps you from trying to wrap a rope around your throat
Don't choke, you feeling like giving up
Life isn't a million bucks, you feeling like living sucks
God's telling you "hear you boy", but you don't wanna give him trust
Mama telling you pay your tithes, and you yell at her back for what
So the pastor can ride faster, get some rims on his truck
I don't think that they'll miss ten percent of negative bucks
Put some Henny up in your cup, your problems will start to drown
But soon as your buzz leaves, the problems come back around
Damn
[hook - billy cook]
Keep your head up is what they telling me, what it gotta be
Sorry but the world keeps stressing me, rain drops round up the memories
It's gonna be alright is what they telling me, don't let the stress get the best of me
Trying to focus on the road that's ahead of me, till my heaven gets cloudy bout a memory
[verse 2 - scarface]
God knows how I feel now
On the outside I'm smiling, but inside a nigga know he hell bound
It's a dark road, and I'm right here in the middle of it
Do I walk slow? Or if I run, am I missing something?
I took the time out to save a little bread
Now my eyes got water in 'em
Why the fuck am I still standing here?
Nobody love me, I ain't happy here
My mama said she can't handle him
But still, I'm looking at the bright side
But I view it through my other eye, cause it's a different color sky
Then the last one, my mind set on the prize that may never come
So do I try to stay alive, or do I grab a gun
End it all, put a stop to the pain
That goes on in my head, everytime it rains
The devil's speaking, so you listening to the thoughts
Of an evil spirited demonic person everytime I talk
I'm confused, by my psychological set backs
In the storm, watching out through the wet cracks
for heaven, off in all the wrong places
I've given up so why the long faces?
Let it rain
[hook]
[verse 3 - chamillionaire]
Your bills keep adding up, to be alone you prefer
Bill collectors steady calling, starting to get on your nerves
Your rent due on the first, but right now it's the third
yourself it's gon get better, but ain't believing a word
Feel like it's hard to deal, tomorrow it's hard as steel
Not to mention the realest member of your family is getting ill
Tell me it isn't so, tell me it isn't real
In the mist of all the drama, you take a lil' time to kneel
To deal you take a pill, just to deal with the drama
You thinking your life sinking, and there isn't a plumber
They tell you what doesn't kill you, only makes you stronger
You'd have to be a , to lift as much as me partna
(Could tell you stay strong) you're trying, but help is just what you doubting
Cause the room is a monsoon, that's never gon get to drying
The storm is moving on, and you thinking these people lying
They saying they had it worse, but how come they all keep on smiling
[hook]
[billy cook]
Don't let stress take control, gonna be alright I know
I'ma make it through fa sho, fa sho yeah - 2x
[hook]
[singing]
My memry, heeey-heeey yeah
me-stressing me, my memories
That's what they telling me
I'm trying to focus on the road that's ahead of me
By my memories, yeah heeey yeeeah
[talking]
When it seems like nothing but dark clouds
Are raining in on your bright, sunny day
, the sunlight always comes after the rain
You should be thankful, everyday
Should be a celebration, of life

[intro]
Yessir!
They can't stop me
Even if they stopped me...
[refrain]
I'm on it, ooh, I'm on it
I'm so on it, and however you want it
You can get it tonight ho, and all night ho
I get the beat from (), a-fuckin' right, ho!
[verse]
I might go crazy on these niggas, I don't give a motherfuck
Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up
What! What! I don't give a motherfuck
Get your baby kidnapped and your baby-mother fucked
It's Tha Carter 3, bitch, better put your supper up
, I throw it up like I'm trying to lose my gut
Fuck is up? Beat him up like a million uppercuts
Got a million duffled up for the fuck of it, shit
Get on my level? You can't get on my level
You gon' need a space shuttle or a ladder that's forever
, I'm better, if not now, then never
Don't you ever fix your lips unless you 'bout to suck my dick
Bitch, swallow my words, taste my thoughts
And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
Two more inches, I'd have been in that casket
to the doctor, I could've died in traffic
Bounce right back on them bitches, like Magic
, I'm up, like Viagra
I just do this shit for my clique, like Adam
I control hip-hop, and I'ma keep it on my channel
Watch me! Bitch, watch me! Bitch, watch me!
But they cannot-see me, like Hitler
It's the New nightmare
Money so old, it's growing white hair
Young Money, baby! Yeah, we right here
I'ma make sure we ball 'til we fall like tears
And mama, don't cry, your son can handle his
I got her out the hood and put up in the hills, yeah
When I was fourteen, I told my mom we would see better days
And sure enough, I got Miss Cita in a better place
When I was fourteen, I told my mom we would see better days
And sure enough, we did exactly what I said
I tell my girl, "When you fuck me, better fuck me good
'Cause if another girl could, she gon' fuck me good"
No sitting at the table if you bringing nothing to it
And I get straight to it like it's nothing to it
Yeah, I got game like Stuart
Scott, fresh out the ESPN shop
And when poppin', everything stoppin'
But you can't fool me, I know what you watchin'
[refrain]
Me! You watch me!
You watch me! 'Cause I be
Weezy, must-see TV, C3
Nigga, that's me, and I'm me
I'm me, times three
So retreat, or suffer defeat
I'm back, 3-Peat!

[Intro: R. Kelly, Fat Joe, Lil Wayne & DJ Khaled]
Woo! !
It's Kells, bitches (Owww!)
You don't have to turn off the red light
Hahah, chyeah! (Scotty) Chyeah!
I'm in the building! (Let's make it rain on these niggas)
I see you Joey (Crack) Remix!
[hook: lil wayne, dj khaled, & both]
Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror
Got a handful of stacks
Better grab an umbrella (Remix!)
I make it rain, I make it rain
I'm in this bitch with the Terror (We The Best)
Got a handful of stacks
Better grab an umbrella (Let's go!)
I make it rain, I make it rain (Oh!)
Make it rain on them hoes (Remix!)
I make it rain, I make it rain (Oh!)
I make it rain on them hoes (Remix!)
I make it rain on them hoes (We The Best)
I make it rain on them hoes (!)
Oww!
[verse 1: r. kelly]
I be drillin' these chicks like Major Payne
When I make it rain, they be like, "Kells, do it again!" (Oh!)
From the club to the coupe, inside my gates
Up in my bedroom, screamin' each others' names (Oh! Ugh)
They was purrty-purrty, and I was flirty-flirty
Lil' dro, lil' bub, now they gettin' dirty-dirty
Don't ask me what my name is-stupid bitch, I'm famous
You gon' make me aim this, leave your ass brainless
I'm tryin' to stay R&B, but these streets is a part of me
So don't get it twisted!
You see, I order one bottle, then I fuck with one model
Then I order more bottles; now, I got more models
I'm from that city where them niggas don't play, man
I take a chick to my room like caveman
So ask your girlfriend my name, I bet she go:
"Skeet-skeet-skeet-skeet, weatherman 'bout to make it rain!"
[Hook: Lil Wayne, DJ Khaled, & Lil Wayne & R. Kelly]
Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror (Remix!)
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella (Let's go!)
I make it rain, I make it rain
I'm in this bitch with the Terror
One time for my homie, Sean Paul
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
Coming home soon, we miss you nigga
Make it rain on them hoes (We The Best)
I make it rain on them hoes (We see no bond)
I make it rain on them hoes
[verse 2: lil wayne]
Oww! Blat, blat, blat, blat! Ayy, Joey, let me get 'em
It's Young Money, and we on like the television
The , but I do not broadcast
I throw up more cash, and change the forecast
Your boyfriend is lame, I make it rain on you
He never make it rain, like
Where's your umbrella? Now, get your raincoat
Baby, I make it flood, now, you gon' need a boat
[verse 3: birdman]
Fresh to death on 'em ( that)
We throwin' money on 'em (' money on 'em)
Stay fly, 25s when we ride on 'em
(That's how we ride on 'em)
suede, custom with the shades (Stunna shades)
Make it snow in the club, bitches know we paid ()
Stay shine, rockin' Gucci in the (Super-fly)
White Rolls for my broad on them 23s (Stay fly)
Goin' to the club, nigga, in a new fleet (Yeah)
All red doors up, doin' it like a real G
[hook: lil wayne & dj khaled]
Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror (Remix!)
Better grab an umbrella (, let's go!)
I make it rain, I make it rain (Six City)
I'm in this bitch with the Terror (Magic City)
Got a handful of stacks (Rolex)
Better grab an umbrella
I make it rain, I make it rain (Oh! Remix!)
Make it rain on them hoes (Remix!)
I make it rain on them hoes (Sue's )
I make it rain on them hoes (Get your money right)
Oww!
[verse 4: t.i.]
Come and see me and Crack in the club flossin'
Forty-cal in my jacket, twenty stacks in my jeans
Know real boss niggas do real boss things
We 'bout that shit, you just talkin'
Young Sam , out with my goons
In the 430, down the strip, I zoom
In the drop in but it feel like June
Big Glock I carry make a real big boom (What!)
Make moves like a young tycoon (Ayy!)
I come through like a young typhoon (Ohh)
3, don't be categorying me (Geah, geah, geah)
With these niggas like they'll get a better salary than me (Oh)
I'm El , King, numero uno (It's the King, nigga!)
I flood pussy clubs, ask any stripper you know (Ayy!)
[verse 5: ace mack]
Ace Mizzy get all the hoes (Yeah)
Gonna teach them shit they want to know (Yeah)
Like, fuck that pussy-ass 9-to-4
Girl, make that bucket a pot of gold (Yeah)
It ain't no money like custom money (No)
It ain't no bitch like a hustle bunny (No)
Ain't no bitch gettin' none of my money
That why the money got a clip to protect it for me
She gotta ride for the A (Ayy), pop for the A (Ayy)
Live for the minute or be out for the day (Day)
Pop the metal but lookin' hot in stilettos
Got the rock with the bezel on the trigger finger
Boss bitch of the ghetto, my Trina
Talk shit to a nigga with the blammer beamed up (Know why?)
When I see her gotta handle my bid-nah
I gotta give her one of these in the back of the team truck
[Hook: Lil Wayne, DJ Khaled, & Lil Wayne & R. Kelly]
Better grab an umbrella (We The Best, remix)
I'm in this bitch with the Terror (Uh-Oh!)
Better grab an umbrella (I make it rain)
Make it rain on them hoes (remix, remix!)
I make it rain on them hoes (We the best)
I make it rain on them hoes (I said, we the best)
[bridge: rick ross & r. kelly]
305 M-I-yayo! Ayy Khal', call Joe up
Let him know I'm at the Rolex, I just ran outta money
Make it rain, make it rain
I need to borrow 50 thousand, cash
Make it rain, make it rain
Come through, baby, we make it rain
E-Class on the way, too, we got a hundred grand with him
Triple Cs, oh, yeah, and it's the remix
[verse 6: rick ross]
I be reppin' my city, blowin' hundreds and fifties (Yeah!)
If the head right, Ricky there e'ery night (Ayy)
Joey, I was listenin', pullin' up, spinnin' rims
Time to spend some dividends, my money they swimmin' in
Ross, I'm a boss (I'm a boss), I'm the mayor (I'm the mayor)
We make it rain (Make it rain), on these haters (On these haters)
Get your umbrella, fella, cause we blowin' hella cheddar
I'm the nigga that you scared of cause no one can do it better
[verse 7: fat joe]
Owww! Joe Crack, early '80s, crack baby mama paid me
, fly , birth that, drop it baby
Them purrty ladies (Yah), they drive me crazy (Yah)
Them skies is hazy (Yah), I'll pop like 80
tell Mr. to bring his umbrella
, not! It's just the one fella (Crack!)
Who got dumb cheddar, and need a brain surgeon
Got me a designated thrower cause my hand's hurtin' (Ouch!)
I make it rain (Rain!), it's Coca bitch! (Bitch!)
It's not a game (Game!), them vatos locos-rich
Ain't nothin' wrong with wantin' a little happy endin'
And we don't need a hotel, we parkin' lot pimpin', bitch!
[hook: lil wayne & dj khaled]
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
Joey Crack, I salute!
I make it rain, I make it rain, I'm in this bitch with the Terror
Let's go!
' 'bout a hundred grand, we at Prive right now!
Make it rain on them hoes
I make it rain on them hoes (Remix! We the best!)

[chorus: syleena johnson & kanye west]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Yeah, this the real one, baby
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Uh, Chi-Town, stand up!
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
We gon' set this party off right
Oh, when it all
[verse 1: kanye west]
Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair"
'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, 'cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well
[chorus: syleena johnson & kanye west]
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
C'mon, c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all
[verse 2: kanye west]
Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
and Pashas done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this"
And I can't even go to the grocery store
some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe
[chorus: syleena johnson & kanye west]
Come on, come on
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
Come on, come on
And when it all falls down
[verse 3: kanye west]
I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
'Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it
[chorus: syleena johnson & kanye west]
C'mon, c'mon
C'mon c'mon, and when it falls down
Chi-Town, Chi-Town
We gon' show 'em how we get down
Now, , you just like a safe belt, you saved my life
C'mon
[produced by kanye west]

[intro: faith evans]
Don't go, don't go, don't go (Baby, don't go)
I love you, so (One more chance)
Biggie, give me one more chance (One more chance)
Biggie, give me one more chance
[verse 1: the notorious b.i.g.]
First thing's first - I, Poppa, freaks all the honeys
, bunnies, those wantin' money
Those the ones I like 'cause they don't get Nathan but penetration
Unless it smells like sanitation
Gar-bage, I turn like doorknobs
Heart throb - never
Black and ugly as ever
, I stay Coogi down to the socks
Rings and watch filled with rocks
And my jam knock in your
Girls pee-pee when they see me
creep me in they teepee
As I lay down laws like I lay carpet
Stop it - if you think you gonna make a profit
Don't see my ones, gon' see my guns - get it?
Now tell your friends Poppa hit it, then split it
In two, as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A
I don't know what the hell's stoppin' ya
I'm clockin' ya, shades watchin' ya
Once ya grin, I'm in - game begins
First I talk about how I dress in this
In diamond necklaces, stretch
The sex is just immaculate
From the back, I get deeper and deeper, help you reach the
Climax that your man can't make
Call him, tell him you'll be home real late
And sing the break, uh
[Chorus: Faith Evans & The B.I.G.]
Baby, here I am
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
All I need is one more chance! One more chance
I can help you find, yourself
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
'Cause you don't need nobody else
One more chance
[verse 2: the notorious b.i.g.]
She's sick of that song on how it's so longgg
he worked his until I handled my biz
There I is! Major Payne like Damon Wayans
Low Down Dirty, even, like his brother Keenan
', don't leave your girl 'round me!
True playa for real, ask Puff Daddy
You ringin' bells with bags from Chanel
Baby Benz, traded in your Excel
Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell
She beeped me "Meet me at twelve"
Where you at? ' jobs, payin' car notes?
While I'm swimmin' in your women like the breast stroke
Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke
Death stroke, tongue all down her throat
Nothin' left to do but send her home to you
I'm through, can you sing the song for me, boo?
[Chorus: Faith Evans & (The B.I.G.)]
One more chance
Biggie, give me one more chance
[verse 3: the notorious b.i.g.]
So what's it gonna be? Him or me?
We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls
The envy of all women, crushed linen
wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em
The finest women I love with a passion
Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin'
High fashion - flyin' into all states
Sexin' me while your man masturbates
Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds
, I'm supposed to represent
I'm not only a client, I'm the playa
Baby, here I am
All I need is one more chance!

[produced by swizz beatz]
[intro: jay-z (dmx)]
Turn the lights all the-turn the lights all the way down (Yeah)
What? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Uh-huh, yeah (Uh)
C'mon, uh-huh, such a deep flow (Grrr...)
C'mon, yeah, c'mon, yo, yo
[verse 1: jay-z]
J-A-Y, I flow sick (Uh)
Fuck all y'all haters, blow dick
I spits the game for those that throw bricks
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, chicks (What?)
Sex, murder and mayhem; romance for the street (Uh-huh)
Only wife of mines is a life of crime, and since
Life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chests
How can I not flirt with death? That's
That's life's enigma, long as life within us
We gon' sin a lot and pray that Christ forgive us, fuck it
Ice the wrist and raise the price on these niggas
Y'all can't floss on my level
I'll invite you all to get with us if your ball is glitter
When I go all the Harlem playas wall my picture (Uh-huh)
If you get close enough, you can read the scripture
It reads: "Money, cash, hoes", how real was that nigga? (What)
[chorus: jay-z (dmx)]
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon)
Money, cash, hoes, (What) hoes, (What) hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon)
Money, cash, hoes, (What) hoes, (What) hoes (What)
[verse 2: jay-z]
robust, platinum and gold touch
Yeah I rap now, fast money done slowed up
Niggas try to stop Jay-Z to no luck
Roc-A-Fella forever, CEO, what! (what?)
Us the villains? Fuck your feelings
While y'all playa hate we in the upper millions
What's the dealings? (huh) It's like New York's been soft
Ever since Snoop came through and crushed the buildings
I'm trying to restore the feelings; fuck the law, keep dealing
More money, more cash, more chilling
I know they gon' criticize the hook on this song
Like I give a fuck...I'm just a crook on this song
Bed-Stuy Brook-Nam took on the world
Shit, I led a life you can write a book on
Sex, murder and mayhem, romance for the street
Man, and I tell ya, it'll be the best-seller, what!
[chorus: jay-z (dmx)]
[verse 3: dmx]
D-M-X and my dogs bite
Jigga, my nigga, rhyme all night
Thugs for life, one night with this rap shit
Let 'em go and I bet they know what'll happen
When we clap shit
Acting like we owe 'em something
Then we show 'em something
greasy, I think they found 'em down the road or something (Wooh) with a mad man in a bad mood
Is like fucking with a mad dog that wants mad food
And the only thing that's stopping him is you (WHAT!)
So the only thing that he'll be dropping is you (WHAT!)
in two (COME ON!)
Then he drop it to Clue, and the response from the street:
This is one dog that loves raw meat (woo!)
But getting back to, just 'cause I, love my niggas
I shed blood, for my niggas
Let a nigga holla, "where my niggas?"
All I'ma hear is "right here my nigga!"
[chorus: jay-z (dmx)]
[outro: jay-z]
Roc-A-Fella shit
Uh huh uh huh, Ruff Ryders
Pa-pause
My nigga Swizz
Uh huh, uh huh
Don't stop, beatch
Uh, uh huh, yeah
the game yo
[interlude: pain in da ass]
Okay okay okay, so now the guy's working for Jay-Z
Making hot songs
But any type of trouble he gets in, he runs to Jay-Z
with the label, he calls Jay-Z
But he still has to come up with Jay-Z's money every week no matter what
Not selling any records, fuck you pay me
Oh you want me in your video, fuck you pay me
No one's coming to your shows huh, fuck you pay me
And then what do you do when you can't borrow another dollar from the label?
You can't sell any singles in the stores?
You light a match...you blow the joint explosion

[produced by dj premier]
[intro]
Ayo, Black-it's time, word (Word, it's time, man)
It's time, man (Aight, man, begin)
Yeah-straight out the fuckin' dungeons of rap
Where fake niggas don't make it back
I don't know how to start this shit, yo-now;
[verse 1]
; I monkey flip 'em with the funky rhythm
I be kickin', musician inflictin' composition
Of pain, I'm like sniffin' cocaine
Holdin' an M16, see, with the pen I'm extreme
Now, bullet holes left in my peepholes
I'm suited up with street clothes, hand me a 9 and I'll defeat foes
Y'all know my steelo, with or without the airplay
I keep some E&J, sittin' bent up in the stairway
Or either on the corner bettin' Grants with the cee-lo champs
' at base-heads, tryna sell some broken amps
G-packs get off quick, forever niggas talk shit
' about the last time the task force flipped
Niggas be runnin' through the block shootin'
Time to start the revolution, catch a body, head for
Once they caught us off-guard, the MAC-10 was in the grass, and
I ran like a cheetah, with thoughts of an assassin
Picked the MAC up, told brothers "Back up!" - the MAC spit
Lead was hittin' niggas, one ran, I made him back-flip
Heard a few chicks scream, my arm shook, couldn't look
Gave another squeeze, heard it click, "Yo, my shit is stuck!"
Tried to cock it, it wouldn't shoot, now I'm in danger
pulled it back and saw three bullets caught up in the chamber
So, now I'm jettin' to the buildin' lobby
And it was full of children, prob'ly couldn't see as high as I be
(So, what you sayin'?) It's like the game ain't the same
Got younger niggas pullin' the triggers, bringin' fame to their name
And claim some corners, crews without guns are goners
In broad daylight, stick-up kids, they run up on us
.45's and gauges, MAC's in fact
Same niggas will catch you back-to-back, snatchin' your cracks
In black, there was a snitch on the block gettin' niggas knocked
So hold your stash 'til the coke price drop
I know this crackhead who said she gotta smoke nice rock
And if it's good, she'll bring you customers and measuring pots
But yo, you gotta slide on a vacation
Inside information keeps large niggas erasin' and their wives basin'
It drops deep as it does in my breath
I never sleep, 'cause sleep is the cousin of death
Beyond the walls of intelligence, life is defined
I think of crime when I'm in a New York State of Mind
[chorus]
New York state of mind
New York state of mind
[verse 2]
Be havin' dreams that I'm a gangsta, drinkin' Moets, holdin' TEC's
Makin' sure the cash came correct, then I stepped
in stocks, sewin' up the blocks to sell rocks
Winnin' gunfights with mega-cops
But just a nigga walkin' with his finger on the trigger
Make enough figures until my pockets get bigger
I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin'
Give me a Smith & Wesson, I'll have niggas undressin'
' of cash flow, Buddha and shelter
frustrated, I'ma hijack Delta
In the PJ's, my blend tape plays, bullets are strays
Young bitches is grazed, each block is like a maze
Full of black rats trapped, plus the Island is packed
From what I hear in all the stories when my peoples come back
Black, I'm livin' where the nights is jet-black
The fiends fight to get crack, I just max, I dream I can sit back
And lamp like Capone, with drug scripts sewn
Or the legal luxury life, rings flooded with stones, homes
I got so many rhymes, I don't think I'm too sane
Life is parallel to Hell, but I must maintain
And be prosperous, though we live dangerous
Cops could just arrest me, blamin' us; we're held like hostages
It's only right that I was born to use mics
And the stuff that I write is even tougher than dykes
I'm takin' rappers to a new plateau, through rap slow
My rhymin' is a vitamin held without a capsule
The smooth criminal on beat breaks
Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes
The city never sleeps, full of villains and creeps
That's where I learned to do my hustle, had to scuffle with freaks
I'm a addict for sneakers, 20's of Buddha and bitches with beepers
In the streets I can greet ya, about blunts I teach ya
Inhale deep like the words of my breath
I never sleep, 'cause sleep is the cousin of death
I lay puzzled as I backtrack to earlier times
's equivalent to the New York state of mind
[chorus]
[outro: sample]
"Nasty Nas-"

[intro: the notorious b.i.g. & lil' cease]
, mafioso
, what? Uh
, uh
, uh, mafioso, what? Uh (Check)
[verse 1: lil' cease & notorious b.i.g.]
How you figure that your team can affect my cream?
Gold and plaques since I stepped on the scene
Nah mean? Peep the scene, jacuzzi full of women (Uh)
She hitting me and him and him, much love like
While niggas screaming killa, I'm overseas in my villa
With my masseuse, nothing illa
Frank switched the plan, cop the Lexus Land
C-Gutta, Roc-A-Fella, 400s and better (Uh, uh)
Lil' Cease push threes with five in his eyes
"Not Gon' Cry" by Mary Blige
I die for my niggas packing steel, chickenheads with sex appeal
Reveal sexual acts up in Capone's Ac' (What?)
The chocolate don, watch the M.A.F.I.A. shine (Uh)
Girls, get your own can't touch a dime of mine
[pre-chorus: the notorious b.i.g.]
And if you don't stop, then we won't stop
to get money
[chorus: the notorious b.i.g.]
You can be as good as the best of them
But as bad as the worst, so don't test me (Get money)
You better move over (Get money)
You can be as good as the best of them
But as bad as the worst, so don't test me (Get money)
You better move over (Get money), uh, uh
[verse 2: lil' kim & notorious b.i.g.]
Big Momma, ki's in (Uh)
Some call me Donna Karan or Armani (Uh)
Gats by the poonani (Uh-huh)
For brown-nose pussy crushers
Cap peeling lovers, ignorant motherfuckers
Drive a Benz, no Miata (Uh)
This honey's got a (Uh) sweet pinata, six-shotta, damn
Lil' Kim the Black Erika Caine and
Who remains in Chanel frames and (Haha)
of all kinds
Fendi sables (What?)
With matching pool tables
Read the label, M.A.F.I.A
my shoes by Gucci
I be eating sushi, playing with my coochie
lucci (Uh-huh), nigga I got banks to rob
Saabs, I'm married to the mob
[pre-chorus: the notorious b.i.g.]
And if you don't stop, then we won't stop
to get money
[chorus: the notorious b.i.g.]
You better move over (Get money)
You better move over (Get money), uh, uh
[verse 3: the notorious b.i.g.]
Frank White the desperado
Used to rock the all-black Movado
The all-black El Dorado
All that and a bottle of Dom P (Uh)
Niggas can't harm me, I keep the army
Is in the house? a doubt (Uh)
I'm the rapper with clout everybody yap about
Check it out, guns, I bust 'em
with my wife, don't discuss 'em
Coupes and Lear jets, I lust them
, I dust them (Uh), recent address (What?)
Stuck you for your stash in your pissy mattress (Uh)
Your mom's an actress, didn't wanna show me the safe
It's okay, she was old anyway
I display (Uh), Hot97 rhyme-ready
Cock MAC-11, line steady (What?)
Like Tevin , I'm ready (Uh)
To do what I do continuously to get money
[chorus: the notorious b.i.g.]
You better move over (Get money), what? Uh
[outro: the notorious b.i.g.]
'96 catalog
Cease-A-Leo De (Uh)
Big Momma, Queen Bee ()
well-known, Frank White

[produced by the neptunes]
[intro: jay-z, pharrell]
Young! It's the life
Once again it's the life, yes
I don't know why, I.. get so high oh
It's intoxicating, man, y'all don't know why you do what you do
Get so high oh, get so high, high off the life
[verse 1: jay-z]
The allure of breaking the law
Was always too much for me to ever ignore
I've got a thing for the big-body Benzes, it dulls my senses
In love with a V-Dub engine
Man, I'm high off life, fuck it, I'm wasted
Ape kicks, Piguet wrist
My women-friends get tennis bracelets
Trips to Venice, get their replaced with
The sun...it ain't even fun no more, I'm jaded
Man, it's just a game, I just play it to play it
I put my feet in the footprints left to me
saying a word, the ghetto's got a mental telepathy
Man, my brother hustled so, naturally
Up next was me, but what perplexes me
Shit, I know how this movie ends, still I play
The starring role in "Hovito's Way"
[chorus: jay-z, pharrell]
It's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'Cause I be doing the most (Oh no!)
But every time I felt "That was that", it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back (Oh no!)
[verse 2: jay-z]
I'm like a mobster, drinking distilled vodka
Until I'm under the field with Hoffa, it's real
Peel the top up like a toupee, mix the water with the soda
Turn the pot up, make a souffle
All of y'all can get it like group-page on your two-way
I'm living proof that crime do pay
Say "hooray" to the bad guy, and all the broads
cars in their name, for the stars of the game
'caine in their bras and their tomorrows on the train:
All in the name of love
Just to see that love locked in chains and the family came
Over the house to take back everything that they claimed
Or even the worse pain is the distress
you're the mistress only after that love gets slain
And the anger and the sorrow mixed up leads to mistrust
Now it gets tough to ever love again
But the allure of the game, keeps calling your name
To all the Lauras of the world, I feel your pain
To all the in different cities and Lanes:
We all hustlers in love with the same thing
[chorus:  jay-z, pharrell]
It's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'Cause I be doing the most (Oh no!)
But every time I felt "That was that", it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back (Oh no!)
[verse 3: jay-z]
I never felt more alive than riding shotgun
In Klein's green 5, until the cops pulled guns
And I tried to smoke weed to give me the fix I need -
What the game did to my pulse - with no results
And you can treat your nose and still won't come close
The game is a light bulb with eleventy-million volts
And I'm just a moth addicted to the floss
The doors lift from the floor and the tops come off
By any means necessary, whatever the cost
Even if it means lives is lost
And I can't explain why I just love to get high
Drink, "life!" smoke the blueberry sky, blink twice
I'm in the blueberry 5, you blink three times
I may not even be alive
I mean even James Dean couldn't escape the allure
Dying young, leaving a good-looking corpse
Of course...
[chorus: jay-z, pharrell]
[outro:  jay-z, pharrell]
Once again its the life
Yeah I said its the life
Once I again its the life
(Oh no! I don't know why, I...)
(Get so high oh)
(Get so high oh)
(Get so high, high off the life)

[intro: jadakiss]
Haha! Is that real!
[verse 1: jadakiss & anthony hamilton]
Yo, why is as hard as it gets?
Why is the industry designed to keep the artist in debt?
And why them dudes ain't ridin' if they part of your set?
And why they never get it poppin' but they party to death?
Yeah, and why they gonna give you life for a murder?
Turn around, only give you eight months for a burner?
It's goin' down; why they sellin' niggas' CD's for under a dime?
And if it's all love, daddy, why you come with your 9?
Why my niggas ain't get that cake?
Why is a brother up north better than Jordan
That ain't get that break?
Why you don't stack instead of tryin' to be fly?
Why is rattin' at an all time high? Why are you even alive? (Why?)
Why they kill 2Pac and Chris?
Why at the bar you ain't take straight shots instead of poppin' Cris? (Oh, why?)
Why them bullets have to hit that door?
Why did Kobe have to hit that raw? Why'd he kiss that whore?
Why?! (Good lord, tell me why)
[hook: anthony hamilton]
All that I've been given
It's this pain that I've been livin'
They got me in the system
Why they gotta do me like that?
Tried to make it my way
But got sent on up the highway
Why? Oh why?
Why they gotta do me like that?
[verse 2: jadakiss]
Why do niggas push pounds and powder?
Why did Bush knock down the towers?
Why you around them cowards?
Why have to take that flight?
Why my nigga D ain't pull out his ?
Why he take that bike?
Why they gotta open your package and read your mail?
Why they stop lettin' niggas get degrees in jail?
Why you gotta do 85% of your time?
And why do niggas lie in 85% of they rhymes?
Why a nigga always want what he can't have?
Why I can't come through in the pecan Jag?
Why did crack have to hit so hard?
Even though it's almost over, why niggas can't get no jobs?
Why they come up with the witness protection?
Why they let the win the election?
Come on, pay attention!
Why I sell in the stores what you could sell in the streets?
Why I say the hottest shit but be sellin' the least? why
[hook: anthony hamilton]
All that I've been given
It's this pain that I've been livin'
They got me in the system
Tried to make it my way
But got sent on up the highway
Why? Oh why?
[verse 3: jadakiss]
Why Halle have to let a white man pop her to get a Oscar?
Why Denzel have to be crooked before he took it?
Why they didn't make the CL6 with a clutch?
And if you don't smoke
Then why the hell you reachin' for my dutch?!
Why rap? 'Cause I need air time
Why be on the curb with a "Why lie? I need a beer" sign?
Why all the young niggas is dyin'?
'Cause they moms at work
They pops is gone, they livin' with iron
Why they ain't give us a cure for AIDS?
Why my diesel have fiends in the spot on the floor for days?
Why you screamin' like it's a slug? It's only the hawk
Why my buzz in L.A. ain't like it is in New York?
Why they forcin' you to be hard?
Why ain't you a thug by choice?
Why the whole world love my voice?
Why? Try to tell 'em that it's the flow, son
And you know why they made the new twenties?
'Cause I got all the old ones - that's why!
[hook: anthony hamilton]
Is this pain that I've been livin'
[outro: anthony hamilton]
Oh! Why, oh
Why?
Tell me why? Why?

[intro: raekwon]
One-two
(You got that?)
Yeah, let's go
Silent King
The big park shit
You know how it go
In them alleys
(I'ma holler at you, though)
[verse 1: raekwon]
Since rap got locked right before we visit the '90s
Chef in the kitchen, cooking up with the crimeys
It's late fall, dime season
We bought the crib next to Bill mother
'Cause she fuck with the
They hitting niggas with hero'n
It's fourteen of us with
We won't stop pitching the
It's packed, kid, Black kids don't know how to act
They flashing Macs, , a couple of stacks, yo
The systems is -upid
Yup, shorty with the pumps on
And dunks get provided and scooped, kid
And bloodhounds is hating, they knowing how the kid get down
Silent shottys with grenades, I'm waiting
And everybody love vintage
You see like four, five niggas with half-moons and wave intentions
"What's really good?"
"The 'dro hit 'em, killed 'em in the hotel
Heard he had some old chick with him"
[hook: raekwon & ghostface killah]
That's how we make it happen, that's how we break it down
Hood all day, nigga, watch how we take the town
That's why we do the do, just know who is who
me all day (Yo!), and understand Wu is Wu
[verse 2: ghostface killah]
But on the other side of town it's Tony, laid up (Ugh)
This white chick want to gargle my nuts
I put the Bailey's down, tap the blunt out
her by her hair, watch blondie-love whip my dick out
Spit dripping down my balls, she slobbing me
"That's right! Suck that dick! Get it hard for me"
Pyrex in one hand, large amount of grams in it rocked up
And she pregnant, my little man got her knocked up
He popped up ("Oh, shit!") I'm like a crooked cop
Gere, big smirk on, getting my cock sucked
He pulled the joint out, a bullet spun out, but it was too late
nutted on the side of her mouth
Side of her face, and hair like About Mary
I can't front, my son gun look scary ("Whoa...")
"Chill! She's a whore!
You knew it from the time we ran trains on her
And you still went and fucked her raw?
Come on, son, give me the gun ("Gimme that!")
You gonna kill me over this bum-ass bitch you can't resist?
Vel had her in the telly, taking the fist?
Watch how you aiming that shit, you should be aiming at Trish
She take a bone like a ribeye steak at Ruth's Chris
Yo, be easy on the trigger, son, you squeezing the fifth
I only did it just to show you-She's the easiest bitch"
He came close, had to duff him-"Nigga, give me that shit"
[hook: raekwon]
That's how we make it happen, that's how we break it down
Hood all day, nigga, watch how we take the town
That's why we do the do, just know who is who
me all day, and understand Wu is Wu
[outro: ghostface killah]

(Man talking) Yo Mega man, what's the deal son?
(Mega) Yo son, whattup?
(Man) Yo, I'm just sittin' here, zonin' out, thinkin' about how life is
Yo, life's general for us, you know? how we livin' out here, you know
Things we goin' through man, why we gotta go through this life, you know?
(Mega) Life is an interlude to death son, you ever thought about that?
(Man) Word, son. (echos out)
[verse 1]
The saga begins
I'm a reflection of the drama within
The ghetto I live in, nigga's Moms on crack, Pops just disappeared
The first time you get locked up who really cares?
I see a little snotty nosed kid with his sneakers on backwards
Sleep on a mattress. When I go to make a sale
At times I wonder, are we goin' straight to Hell?
Or does God realize we're tryin' to make it as well? My sleep is interrupted by food on the stove
watch sons walk through the door
For the last time 'till they go view at the morgue
Life is deep, we all just tryin' to eat
Rap's a mental narcotic, I supply the streets
[hook]
Look at my life, you see white coke and black roses
And tears shed for passed soldiers
We all walk in a path chosen
From the cradle 'till the casket's lowered
I still got the black ski mask to throw on
But I can get richer off the tracks I flow on I'd be lyin' if I said I wasn't hustlin' no more
Look at my life
[verse 2]
Life ain't fair, Shorty pregnant with nowhere to live
' in a crackhouse cause she don't got no relatives Her friends wanna drink brew and beef about whose sale it is
Now she's gettin' hungry, she smell the marijuana scent
I paint a picture vividly
As if 's spirit entered me Starin' at the , secluded in a tinted jeep
I'm sick of hearin' eulogies I realize my nigga Blue is a reminder of my past like Greek ruins
Yet his seed keeps bloomin' by police intrusions
Or street illusions we were consumed wit' I've even grown away from people I grew wit'
I mean we cool, but I don't need to bullshit
My mood could switch easily from smooth to ruthless
We ain't built the same so mind games are useless
Times change, like the climate I change
Check the forecast, I reign
[hook]
[verse 3]
Live niggas I rep for, deceased, I pour Moet for Those incarcerated, my heart is wit' y'all
I know at times it gets hard behind penitentiary bars
Then once free you realize you're mentally scarred
If not physically, if subjected to correctional facilities
for your future to the best of your ability
, otherwise
You've been conquered
Blowin' up your mother's phone so she can send you a box Son, I sit inside my residence
And thank God I'm blessed with this poetical gift evident in every
Ghetto like graffiti and crack sales
And cabs that won't stop for black males
givin' younger brothers bad stares
Fours clap, dogs crap in the grass here You love to hear the story son, the saga began here
MC's are fictitious yet the actual facts here
Like the Bible said, Jesus had napped hair

[Intro: Morris Casuto, Spiro Agnew, Randy Blazak & Eminem]
We seem to be approaching (C'mon!) an age of the gross (Burp)
[verse 1: eminem]
All right, come on, let's cut the bullshit, enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressin' this issue, and open it up
Let's take this shit back to the basement and we can discuss
that's made on this tape and its whole origin of
The music that we all know and love, the music we all enjoy
The music you accuse me of tryin' to destroy
Let's rewind it to '89 when I was a boy
On the East Side of , crossin' 8 Mile into Warren
Into hick territory; I'd like to share a story
This is my story, and can't nobody tell it for me
You have well informed me, I am well-aware
That I don't belong here: you've made that perfectly clear
I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Aire shopping center just for stoppin' in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
Okay, there's a bright side, a day that I might slide
You may call it a pass, I call it haulin' my ass
that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh, them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious so well known tracks
[chorus: eminem]
So, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home
Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home
[bridge: eminem]
I'd roam the streets so much they called me a drifter
I'd stick up a thumb just to hitchhike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to
8 Mile and Van Dyke or steal a goddamn bike
From somebody's backyard, and drop it off at the park
That was the halfway mark, to meet Kim had to walk
Back to her mama's on after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
That's about the time I first met Proof
With Goofy Gary on the steps at Osborn, handin' out some flyers
We was doin' some talent shows at Center Line High
I told him to stop by and check us out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind
Shook his head like, "White boys don't know how to rhyme."
I spit out a line and rhymed "birthday" with "first place"
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit, that Big Daddy Kane shit
Where compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride
we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line
[chorus: eminem]
So, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
[verse 2: eminem]
My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool 'til your man MC Shan came through
He said that Puma's the brand 'cause the Klan makes Troops
It was rumors, but man, goddamn, they flew
Musta been true, because man, we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones, the Cool J Ice Lamb, suede too
But we just threw 'em in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next? X Clan debuted
"Exist in a state of red, black and green, with a key, sissies!"
Now with this bein' the new trend, we don't fit in
is out with Cactus Albums, blackness is in
symbols and medallions represent Black Power
And we ain't know what it meant, me and my man Howard
And Butter would go to the mall
With 'em all over our necks like we're showin' 'em off
Not knowin' at all we was bein' laughed at
"You ain't even half black!
You ain't 'posed to have that, homie, let me grab that!
And that Flavor Flav clock, we gon' have to snatch that!"
All I remember is meetin' back at
Manix's basement, sayin' how we hate this
How racist but dope the X Clan's tape is
Which reminds me, back in '89, me
And Kim broke up for the first time; she was tryin' to two-time me
And there was this black girl at our school, who thought I was cool
'Cause I rapped, so she was kinda eyein' me
And oh the irony, guess what her name was?
Ain't even gonna say it, plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts
And a pair of jugs, the bombest goddamn girl in our whole school
If I could pull her, not only would I become more popular
But I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired
I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And that's the last I ever seen or heard
Or spoke to the "Ole Pride" girl, but I've heard
People say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was: I singled out a whole race
And for that I apologize, I was wrong
'Cause no matter what color a girl is, she's still a-
[chorus: eminem]
[outro: debbie mathers]
Fuck out of my house, you fuckin' pieces of shit!
Get the fuck out of my house, you stupid fucker!
You son of a bitch!

[intro]
"Street , you're on the air. What do you feel when you hear a record like 2Pac's new one?"
"I love 2Pac's new record."
[intro: 2pac]
I love L.A
No Doubt
To live and die in L.A. ()
No matter what you say about Los
It's still the only place for me
It never rains in
[verse 1: 2pac]
To live and die in L.A
Where everyday we try to fatten our pockets
Us niggas hustle for the cash, so it's hard to knock it
got they own thing, currency chasin'
through the hard times, worrying faces
Shed tears as we bury niggas close to heart
What was a friend, now a ghost in the dark
Cold part about it, nigga got smoked by a fiend
Tryin' to floss on him, blind to a broken man's dream
A hard lesson, court cases keep me guessin'
Plea bargain ain't an option now, so I'm stressin'
Cost me more to be free than a life in the pen'
Makin' money off of cuss words, writin' again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down sunset, likin' the sin
What's the worst they can do to a nigga?
Got me lost in Hell, to live and die in L.A. on bail
[chorus: val young & 2pac]
My angel sing
To live and die in L.A., it's the place to be
And the angels go
You've got to be there to know it
When everybody wanna see
To live and die in L.A., it's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it
When everybody wanna see
[verse 2: 2pac]
It's the city of angels and constant danger
South L.A. can't get no stranger
Full of drama like a soap opera
On the curb watchin' the ghetto bird helicopters
I observe so many niggas gettin' three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear, the pen' right across from hell
I can't cry, 'cause it's on now
I'm just a nigga on his own now
Livin' life thug style, so I can't smile
to my peoples when they ask for pictures
' Cali just fun and bitches
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other niggas copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love women
'Cause every nigga in L.A. got a little bit of thug in 'em
We might fight amongst each other
But I promise you this: we'll burn this bitch down, get us pissed
[chorus: val young & 2pac]
Let my angels sing
And my angels go
[verse 3: 2pac]
It wouldn't be L.A. without
Black love, Brown Pride in the sets again
Pete Wilson tryin' to see us all broke
I'm on some bullshit out for everything they owe
KDAY? , , MLK?
rang free, niggas lost they way
Gang signs being shown, nigga, love yo' hood
But recognize and it's all good
Where the weed at? Niggas gettin' shermed out
Snoop Dogg in this mufucka permed out
M.O.B., Big Suge in the Lo-Lo, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex with a ounce to burn
Got them Watts niggas with me, O.F.T.B
They got some hash, took the stash, left the rest for me
, Tre, Heron, Buntry too
Big Rock got knocked, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hopin' it pay
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly; to live and die in L.A
[chorus: val young & 2pac]
Let my angel sing
And my angels go
Let my angel sing
[outro: 2pac]
This go out for 92.3 and 106
All the radio stations that be bumpin' my shit
Makin' my shit sells quadruple quintuple platinum
(To live and die in L.A., mhmmm)
This go out to all the magazines that support a nigga
All the real motherfuckers
(To live and die in L.A., mhmmm)
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&R people, all y'all mothafuckers
L.A., " Love" part mothafuckin' two
gay ass Dre

[intro: lil wayne]
Okay, I'm strapped
Get 'em
Black hat (Yeah), black shades (Yeah)
Black diamonds (Yeah), oh, behave (Haha)
No, he can't with the bucket seats back
Got the paint job dope and the fuckin' seats crack
[chorus: lil wayne]
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power, I'm gone
[verse 1: lil wayne]
of a master plan
I get money, but I'm thinking of a faster plan
I'm tryna cash it in
I got five in that garbage can
And the wrap Saran, I need cash advance
See, I know three sold, the other two a jam
I'ma sit on one and whip the other one much as I can
Hot-ass fuckin' sedan
rolled down, no sound
Them bricks got the speakers drowned
I ain't listenin' for shit but sirens
I ain't tryna get to my ship sunk, fuck you pirates
I'll touch you cowards, it ain't nothing to a boss
The niggas in the hood tryna floss and ya head got a cost, nigga
Take a loss, nigga, SS 55 all-black with the top chopped off that
Catch me in the spots where the shots pop off at
I ain't tryna prove nothin', I'm just tryna move somethin'
[chorus: lil wayne]
I got the money and the power
I got the money and the power, I'm gone
[verse 2: birdman]
See, we cooking up a thousand grams ( grams)
I'm in the kitchen over the stove with pots and pans (With the pots and pans)
Triple color with the platinum jams (The platinum jams)
Fifty birds, homeboy, in the back of a van (Bitch)
A hundred grand in rubber bands (In rubber bands)
We got them birds in the coffee cans (In the coffee can)
We got the whips with the extra clips (Yeah, nigga)
Got bitches outta state, nigga, flippin' them bricks (' them bricks)
Been in the Caddy, been in the alley (Uh-huh)
Nigga been on the block (Yeah), right in front Miss Gladys (Right in front Miss Gladys)
Nigga know about hustlin' ('Bout hustlin'), know about stuntin' ('Bout stuntin')
Did the curb-serving (Yeah), shined every summer (Bitch)
Been on front, been in the back (Yeah, nigga)
Nigga roll with duct tape and ride with the MAC (Pow, bitch)
We see these haters like, "Fuck them niggas" (Like, "Fuck them niggas")
We made-men millionaire, hustlin' our nature
[chorus: lil wayne]
[verse 3: lil wayne]
8 a.m., open my eyes
Yeah, kick my bitch, tell her open the blinds
And I'm over the stove at 9
Yeah, I'm cookin' breakfast for the block, then I let her cook mine, yeah
Quick line in the bathroom 'fore we bounce
Not me, I mean her, she go a day an ounce, damn
Y'all pray for her
While I'm at the bus station in the sittin' low as I wait for ya
I'm gettin' dough, I'm a paperboy
I will take you for the right paper, boy
I will take her, shake her, tape her waist up
Send her to the money, she be back before I wake up, hah
Get your cake up, y'all niggas lame ducks
You probably get your game up when I'm givin' the game up
My name Wayne, what? Hot Boy, flame up
You niggas tryna change up and I'm gettin' my change up
[chorus: lil wayne]

[verse 1: ghostface killah]
I play hard for nine innings, dressed in fine linen
'Cause pussy is the best next thing besides winnin'
All the positions I've been in couldn't explain how I'm livin'
My vision, my intuition has risen
Here, take a listen, I'm hittin'
Up to bat with precision; see, I'm back in the kitchen
crack to these pigeons, for the fact that I'm driven
My linebackers is blitzin', send you packing, good riddance
in this prison where snakes and rats is forbidden
Keep my gun hidden, niggas is bitches signing petitions
And they providing convictions
See, I survive through the system under the livest conditions
My riders ride on a mission
For snitchin', you get your back blown right out of commission
You'll be missin' like them crazy
And swimming with all the fishes
Your Ms.'s will come and witness your body with hugs and kisses
Now, tell me, is that nutritious?
We party with chips and liquors
Your wizzes is coming with us
For real, kid, they bought me presents
The difference is this is business, big biscuits, big figures
We click on religious niggas for acting too superstitious
Move, 'cause the Coupe is vicious
Shoot if you want your wishes to blow
See Trife in the with a group of bitches
[hook]
My design is already made
So young and so strong
And just waiting to be saved
[verse 2: cormega]
My life's no longer in the hands of district attorneys
Or envious niggas who thirsty 'cause I'm OT with bricks for 30
Moving like Magic, but niggas ain't worthy
Like Cooper; when I shoot I aim sturdy
Mother made or motherfuck 'em
Rhymes so dope I hope I make it through customs
We can take it to the streets, like a game at the Rucker
They claim they love us, but all that changes
When you on and they fucked up, dog
Ain't no flaws in a hustler
I'm no longer in state greens and chuckers
for the beach port and the breaks
oughta relate
I see it all in your face the window to your soul ain't tinted
You wanna see me falling from grace; no way, nigga!
I'm stretching my weight, like cocaine dealers
What they gonna say now? The flow way iller
If dough change niggas I'm no longer the same
But what I became does not conflict with from where I came
I was dealing with 'caine like cold chilla
Back when lyricist reined and dope was killing 'em
Any MC who think they ill as me
Or real as me should chill, I mean, that's your opinion
But my raps is relentless like a MAC with an infra
And I'm back with a vengeance
Like smashing the Knicks
After they shipped him despite the fans resistance
Big and Pac is up top, so the nicest man living is right here
It's quite clear, like diamonds that glisten
[hook]
My design is already made
So young and so strong
And just waiting to be saved

[intro: cam'ron]
Uh, Dipset, Jim Jones,
Aight, man... Killa
Let's do it man (Killa)
[verse 1: cam'ron]
Ayo I argue with my mother, spring, summer, fall, winter time
"Get that off the table Cam'ron, it's dinner time"
I got a line downstairs ma, I'm in the grind
From ten to nine, you do your business right, let me attend to mine
You cooking pork anyway, I ain't into swine (at all)
"You out ya mind," nah, you don't know what's in my mind
I'ma surpass crack, move on to NASDAQ
But still my connects move anthrax on
[verse 2: juelz santana]
Ayo Cam before the cops rush, close the spot
Load the Glocks they stunting, we control the block
They frontin we throw 'em shots and laugh at 'em
Shots from the .44 magnum, that's how we get back at 'em
Trap 'em, grab 'em and clap at 'em (fucka)
Yeah, I do this for my lost tribes and
Who lost lives in battling, .45s and heckling
I believe in black soldiers, black clovers
Black roses on your grave, snakes and black cobras
Black vultures, rats, roaches, sleep now, the laugh's over..
Fucka
[chorus: cam'ron & juelz santana]
You can catch real niggas, doing some real things for real money
'Cause real niggas get money, real niggas don't snitch
Real niggas don't lie for a bitch, real niggas get rich
Yeah, you can catch real niggas
Doing some real things for real money
Real niggas get money, real niggas don't snitch
Real niggas won't lie for a bitch, real niggas get rich
[verse 3: juelz santana]
Now how you losers want it? (Tell me)
We can either war out, or ball out I ain't used to fronting, holmes
I throw away 20s on boots and stuntin
Waste 50s, and abuse my hundreds, I'm getting money, yep (yep)
I spend thousands on the shoes for the coupe, it's nothing
Plus big trucking too, it's nothing
[verse 4: cam'ron]
I lick a shot so he know I meant it
His soldiers dented, so is his rented
soloist and still co-defendant
(And you notice) a mean motorist that blows the fifth on defendants
Since Roto-rooter to , yes sir I'm splendid
You see the furs and pendants
Aston Zagato, drop though, hitting curves like Emmitt
(from Europe) Smith, if you ain't get it, the fifth'll hit your fitted
Clips I get it spitted, flip your wig I really live it
[verse 5: jim jones]
I'm this burgundy Benz, swervin B
As I'm watching the snow fall
I'm watching the heads they copping the coke y'all
And to the fiends and junkies, the broken dreams of drunkies
Hoes with low-esteem, you know they scream on their monthlies
And to my soldiers rocking green in the country
Keep your dream and stay hungry
Let's get this cream and get money
Them haters wishing they could see my demise
Break my mom's heart: the grief in her eyes (faggots)
Man that eats me alive, roll the leaf and get high
This what keeps me alive (listen to me)
My Dip gang man, the peeps that'll ride
Over me the same peeps that'll die
(If it's beef, we will fry)
[chorus: cam'ron & juelz santana]
You can catch real niggas, doing some real things for real money
'Cause real niggas get money, real niggas don't snitch
Real niggas don't lie for a bitch, real niggas get rich
Yeah, you can catch real niggas
Doing some real things for real money
Real niggas get money, real niggas don't snitch
Real niggas won't lie for a bitch, real niggas get rich

[intro]
Thank you, thank you very much for coming out this evening
[refrain]
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
[verse 1]
Thank you, thank you, thank you, please hold your applause
For I just applied logic-keys, keys open doors
Now I'm balcony, opera, black tux, binocular
Black Luxe, stop it, I shouldn't be so popular
Name keep poppin' up, face keep poppin' up
On the tube, I'm just watchin' box 'em up
How would I know HBO would get a shot of us?
Sittin' so close that we almost got snot on us
Please don't bow in my presence-how am I a legend?
I just got ten #1 albums, maybe now eleven?
More hits than a Now 11; that is no reason
To treat me like I'm somehow from outta heaven
Heaven knows that I've made my mistakes
Thank God, what a guy, as I say my grace!
Who woulda thought by makin' birds migrate for the winter
I be fly all summer? Might I say
[refrain]
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines
[verse 2]
Hovi baby, we are really high, really high tonight
We tip the waiter a hundred dollars to keep the ice cold, alright
We the last ones to keep the wise guys code alive
If I can't live by my word, then I'd much rather die
No no, don't thank me, this is just how my suit is stitched
I'm cut from a different cloth, I'm just who the shoe fits
For The Color of Money like a Tom Cruise flick
'Cept I put eight balls in corners without usin' pool sticks
music when champagne flutes click, eh
women sippin' through rouge lips, eh
approaches, we're like: "Wait, who's this?"
Let us save you some trouble, son, what size suit you is?
This way after the Ruger shoots through a few clips
You can lay in your casket just as you is
We appreciate the target practices
We'll be sure to send flower baskets, kid
[refrain]
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines
[verse 3]
I was gonna kill a couple rappers, but they did it to themselves
I was gon' do it with the flow, but they did it with their sales
I was gon' 9/11 'em, but they didn't need the help
And they did a good job, them boys is talented as hell
'Cause not only did they brick, they put a building up as well
Then ran a plane into that building and when that building fell
Ran to the crash site with no masks and inhaled
Toxins deep inside their lungs until both of them was filled
Blew a cloud out like a L into a jar, then took a smell
'Cause they heard that second hand smoke kills
Niggas thought they was ill, found out they was ILL
And it's like you knew exactly how I wanted you to feel
[refrain]
[outro]
We are really high, really really high, no
Really really high, really high tonight, ha
We are really high, really high tonight
We are really high, really high tonight
Lucky Lefty, kiss the wife goodnight for me, hehe

[verse 1]
Feelin' downtrodden, fresh kid turned rotten
I can't believe how naive that I've gotten
Over the years seems like I'm gettin' dumber
to a time when I was younger with a hunger
Full of dreams, determination, self-esteem
But now it seems they hesitate to be on my team
You know the routine, when you winnin' they're grinnin'
All up in your face, like they was wit' you from the beginnin'
But on the flipside, when you're washed up like a riptide
Fools clown 'bout how you slipped and let shit slide
Beside the fact, my voice is wack
Clowns is runnin' 'round, talkin' 'bout I smoke crack
Ain't got no homies that got my back
Yeah I'm a brother, but sometimes I don't feel black
My girl is white, my game ain't tight
Niggas who ain't seen me in a while be like "Dude, you aight?"
[hook]
Who am I kiddin', who am I foolin'
When they be like "What's up Fatlip?," and I say "Coolin'"
Who am I kiddin', who am I foolin'
When they be like "What's up Fatlip?," and I say "Coolin'"
When they be like
[KRS-One: What do you expect when you rhyme like a soft punk?]
[verse 2]
Goin' like a sucka almost every day
In the back of your mind you're prob'ly thinkin' I was gay
But naw, I'm just a bitch-ass nigga
The type that'd get jacked if I was a rich ass nigga
See. I been a loser just about all my life
Type that tryna turn a ho into a housewife
What do you expect, I give respect
And feel for hoes niggas keep in check
I'm far from hard, emotionally scarred
On Pico I was regarded as a retard
I make myself sick, get on my own nerves
, insecure grown up nerd
Has-been MC on a label that's unstable
' bliggy on the table
[hook]
When they be like
[outro]
Hey man, yeah man what's up wid' it
I still got it
Yeah yeah, I been working on my step
Hey check this out
Yo check this out:
(sung)
"She keeps on"
"She keeps on"
Haaa
I still got it

[verse 1]
Killa.. let's go
I get the boosters boosting, I get computers 'puting
Y'all get shot at; call me, I do the shooting
I do the recruiting, I tutor the students
I nurture their brain, I'm moving the movement
or Buddha, that's Judas or Judah
I got Luger to Ruger, hit from Roota to Toota
Chick from hooter to hooter, I put two in producers
I'm the real ball story, the loser of ""
I rock mostly dosey, I roll mostly dolie
I'll leave you wholly-holey, you'll say holy moly
Here come the coroner, get em, play Rollie Pollie
I'll tell you true stories, how I coldly hold heat
When it's repping time, I get on extra grind
Fried to fricassee, to
Jeff , , leather time
say I'm the man, I tell em never mind
[chorus]
They getting nice, they got some ice
Let's get the dice and roll em (get 'em girls)
They getting chips, they flipping bricks
Get the rots and pits, tell em (get 'em girls)
She acting feisty, getting sheisty
Call the wifey, tell her to (get 'em girl)
Just lay back, get your face slapped
We at the race track, eight stacks (get 'em girls)
[verse 2]
You acting funny nigga
Come... dumb, dummy nigga?
Killa keep twenty blickers (I'm getting money nigga)
So you should move away, or join the dude 'n play
Hey, so you can say (I'm getting money nigga)
First pile up in the rear, I style up in my gear
of the year: medallions in my ear
Whips on my fists, houses on my wrists
Your budget on my neck, your spouse on my dick
on the wall, posted on my balls
Dick in her mouth, I tell her "I'm gettin money niggaa"
Y'all faking the fizzle, I'm caking for shizzle
Fuck a steak; my estates, they sizzle
Ate, boom-boom, my ace boon coon
Shake, bake, skate, vroom vroom (We gettin money nigga)
7 to 8, zoom zoom, boom boom tune
'Fore I get life, that boom boom room
(I'm gettin money nigga)
Wrecks 'n : zoom zoom in poon-poon
Since the movie Cocoon, had my Uzi platoon
(I'm gettin money nigga) Killa
[chorus]
They getting nice, they got some ice
Let's get the dice and roll em (get em girls)
They getting chips, they flipping bricks
Get the rots and pits, tell em (get em girls)
She acting feisty, getting sheisty
Call the wifey, tell her to (get em girl)
Just lay back, get your face slapped
We at the race track, eight stacks (get em girls)
[verse 3]
My team is the , we were seen with buffoonies
, best dressed, stay up in Neiman's and
Want to hit it from the back, she agreed that I'm looney
But proceeded to moon me (I'm gettin money nigga)
"Baby" b.s. and "honey" do, Cam V.S. 1 and 2
I'll help you get your son out of P.S. 22
Get him a Mauri flow, from the Mauri show
Fuck around, y'all gonna be up on the Maury Show
He in bootcamp, you on food stamps
, no health care, a true tramp
And I'm lokie-lokie, leave you pokey-pokey
No Rice a Roni, that's the okey-dokey
Me and Toby homie, make you do the hokey-pokey
Pull the pound, up and down, turn yourself around shorty
Here's some weed, burn yourself a pound whoadie
Here's a map, go learn yourself the town, sporty
I was down 40, now I'm up 50
Buck 50, but quickly: who could fuck with me? Killa

[intro: bone thugs-n-harmony]
Bone, Bone, Bone
Bone, Bone, Bone
Now tell me, what ya gonna do
(Now, tell me what...)
When it ain't nowhere to run
When judgment comes for you
When judgment comes for you?
Now tell me, what ya gonna do
(Now, tell me what...)
When it ain't nowhere to hide
'Cause it's gonna come for you?
[verse 1: bizzy bone]
Dead souls, nigga, this for Wally
Eazy, C's Uncle
Little Boo, but God's got him
And I'm gonna miss everybody
I done rolled with blows like AIDS
Looked at him while he laid and prayed
But destiny played too deep for me to say
Lil' Layzie came to me
Told me if he should decease, "well, then please
Bury me by my Gran Gran
And when you can, come follow me."
[verse 2: layzie bone]
God bless you workin' on a plan to Heaven
Follow the Lord all 24/7 days
God is who we praise
Even though the Devil's all up in my face
But He keepin' me safe and in my place
Say grace to the gates we race
a chance to face the judge
Then I guess my soul won't budge
Grudge, because there's no mercy for thugs
Ooh, what could I do?
It's all about a family and how we roll
Can I get a witness? Let it unfold
We livin' our lives to eternal our souls, hey-o-ayo
[bridge: krayzie bone]
Pray and we pray and we pray
And we pray and we pray
Every day, every day, every day
And we pray and we pray
Still we lacin'
[verse 3: krayzie bone]
Now follow me, roll stroll
it's Hell or it's Heaven
Come let's go take a visit to the people that's long gone, they rest: Wally, Eazy, Terry, Boo
And still keepin' up with they family
how many days we got lastin'?
While you laughin' we're passin' passin' away
God, rest our souls
'Cause I know I might meet you up at the crossroads
Y'all know, y'all forever got love from them Bone Thugs, baby
[verse 4: wish bone]
Lil Eazy long gone
Really wish he could come home
But when it's time to die, gotta go, bye bye
All a lil' thug could do was cry, cry
Why'd they kill my dawg?
Damn, man, I miss my Uncle , y'all
And he shouldn't be gone
In front of his home, what they did to Boo was wrong
Oh so wrong, was so wrong
Gotta hold on, gotta stay strong
When the day comes
Better believe Bone got a shoulder you can lean on, lean on
[bridge: bone thugs-n-harmony]
Pray and we pray and we pray
Every day, every day, every day
[chorus: bone thugs-n-harmony]
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
[post-chorus: bizzy bone]
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody (long gone, long gone)
And I'm gonna miss everybody (long gone)
And I'm gonna miss everybody (long gone)
And I'm gonna miss everybody (long gone, long gone)
[bridge 2: layzie bone]
Livin' in a hateful world
Sendin' me (straight to Heaven)
That's how we roll
Livin' in a hateful world
Sendin' me (straight to Heaven)
That's how we roll
And I asked the good Lord why
He sighed, he told me we live to die
[verse 5: krayzie bone]
What's up with that murder, y'all?
See, my little cousin was hung
really wrong, anybody wanna test us, dawg?
And Ms. Sleazy set up Eazy to fall
You know while we sinnin'
He intendin' on endin' it when it ends
He comin' again and again and again
[verse 6: wish bone]
Can somebody anybody tell me why, hey
Can somebody anybody tell me why
We die, we die?
I don't wanna die
(Oh so wrong, oh wrong, oh so wrong, oh wrong)
[chorus: bone thugs-n-harmony]

[intro: ghostface killah]
Yeah, that's right
It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither
This is real shit
This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all
No doubt, seven o'clock Island
This episode is "Death to a Man"
And this is Tony's Angels, aiyyo
[verse 1: ghostface killah]
It was three white bitches who worked for Tony Starks
agents, far beyond narcs
Amazed by their beauty marks, Wonder Woman bracelets
Knee-high boots that was made by Clarks
My dick got hard at how they spoke and shit
Every language was music to the kid as if
I was modern day King Midas
Doreen, Skye and Kelly, Starky's Angels, 's finest
Though it happened in the streets of
Plus I played the whip real low cause my face was woofin'
My Angels jetted out of Albee Square, gun out, wrap in their hair
Kinda crowded so they clapped in the air
Chased a nigga down block for block, squeezing Glocks
These mommies real angels, took one off his top
He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar
The more they ran, the more their skirts got dirtier
shots like check day, FedEx expressway
Boom bow bing, you heard the gunplay
"Who shot that duck out the window", Mr. Lee said
"Three pay now, you fucking weed head"
We can stop the finest suspect, he's dead
Then I pulled up, "Come on girls to Club Med"
[interlude: doom]
Stay tuned for the conclusion
Three's : "Family Jewels"
[verse 2: doom]
Two brown sisters assisted the , DOOM
He woke up stoked like they was still in the room
Freed his right arm and leg, it was more like a sweep
his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet
except for the socks and mask, naked
Threw on the boxers, searching for the Treo, checkin'
For the keys, the dough, a robbery expected
Yet nothing obvious was missing, recollected
Now why hotties stepped in 's
nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shottie
with Thai iced teas
She drive while nice to veggie fried rice spicy
Told them both, "I don't feel so well, my belly
Spin me down , drive me to the telly
Y'all go head and get the dutches, be back, copy"
woozy, no uzi, who's he see in the lobby
(Peace) Peace, pizza man (Change a hundred) stopped and looked
Whoops, left the knot in her pocket book
Wasn't the juks but too careless fearless
Got to the room and fell flat out on the terrace
The question remains who bound and gagged him
That's when they found the empty pack of black Magnum
skied a gram on the street, fifty G
The part of Mr. Roper was played by Mr. T
[outro: ghostface killah & doom]
I'm Mr. T, fuck
Like I was sayin' (True story) I'm Mr. T
Kelly, you gon' give me some pussy?
You know what you gon' do (Janet was dark-skinned)
You too Dorine, your little fat ass can't get away neither and shit
Kristy was brown-skinned
Uh-huh, that's right, yeah I'ma call them niggas
SWAT team on alert and shit
Uh-huh, yeah, that's right, Skye you can't hide baby
You got the best head nigga, word up
The mask was chromed out
This real Angel shit, y'all my bitches
Toney Bosley in this bitch, nigga
Word up, gimme back my boots

[intro: juelz santana]
Yeah! Ay! Dip-Set! Come on
Black-out, lets do it
Dip, dip-set!
Dip, dip, dip, dip-s
Dip, dip, dip, dip-s
Dip, dip, dip, dip
[verse 1: juelz santana]
Now this here is that bomb diggy (Diggy)
Diggy dang, the dons with me
Killa, he'll kill a nigga you thinkin' bout harming me
Capo's corrupted (Yup), he's the wrong vato to fuck with (Yup)
and known as a young Pac to the public
And me, Human Crack in the flesh (Flesh)
I'm the last of the best (Best)
One word to describe me (What?), spectacular, yes
So stay calm shorty, when you see that palmed .40 (.40?)
I'll pop it slow, you'll rock and roll, like Bon Jovi
So don't fool with the click (Ayy)
Don't fool with the Dips (Ayy)
You will die, you will lie in a pool full of shit (Ayy)
When that gun with the clip in (What)
Start dumpin' and rippin' (Yup)
At ya'll head, ya'll some dead summamabitches (Ayy)
You give a chick hard dick and bubblegum (Ayy)
I give a chick a hard brick and bubble-yum (Ayy)
Like here, take that, shake that, break that (Ayy)
In half and please bring my cake back
[chorus: juelz santana & jim jones]
You know what the movement's like
You know how we movin', right
Move, 'cause we in the mood to fight
This is that get crunk move bitch
Get drunk stupid
High like space, .45 on waist
You know what the movement's like
You know how we movin', right
Move, 'cause we in the mood to fight
This is that get crunk move bitch
Get drunk stupid
High like space, .45 on waist
[verse 2: jim jones]
This is that bang, bang, bang
To my hooligan, gang
While you movin' them thangs
And ya toolies go bang ()
Call me Rabbit
Cause I click and spray matics
And my niggas straight savage ()
pump let off six whole rounds (Boom)
'Fore (boom!) one (boom!) shell (boom!) hit (boom!) the (boom!) ground
In the hood he known as a Capo
To the goons and the heights its all tato (TATO!)
And okay, I know me some vato
In the life on movin on patos (Dimelo)
Okay muchacho, they told me that you got it paco (Mira)
I know movin' someone know we usually gone pop you (Te matan)
This that 9 double 1, with a 9 double m
If its crime let's have fun, let's have fun, let's have fun
This that o trizzy 1, triple o, whoa, whoa
If you scared get ya gun (Get ya gun, get ya gun)
This that uptop crunk
When the truck stop, dump
This where the bucs stop chump (Dump, dump, dump)
[chorus: juelz santana & jim jones]
Get drunk stupid (Killa, Dipset, let's go)
[verse 3: cam' ron]
Yo That rooti, tooti, fruity, Louie, what I usually do (What's this?)
This that jump, stop, breathe, whoody-who
Gats in the truck
Platt, platt, pass to a duck
I'm the menace, owe me money, tat, tat, what the fuck
Ya'll reppin' that 5 still
I'm reppin' that 5 mill
, , Killa Cam, 5 bill (so what!)
Let's style a bit, shit, five thou' outfit
Show you how to get that powder shit
Filed the fifth, jet out of it
My proud of what is yo' turn, Jim so burned
Live bitch, why kiss, on my wrist a glowworm ($50,000)
And I keep heat, cause in these streets (what you hear?)
Just hear "woop, woop, wamp, wamp, beep, beep" (that's the cops)
And you rumble: never. Me? Hit a humble diva (a few of 'em)
And I stay with the white, I got Jungle Fever (nose candy)
So tell Lucccy (what)
That her boobi's, loco, cookie monster, who he (who am I?)
I'm the 1 the rep the set
Left to left, death to death
You'll get yellow-taped, outlined, etch-a-sketched
Killa
[chorus: juelz santana & jim jones]

[produced by large professor]
[intro]
(Right... Right...)
Check me out y'all
Nasty Nas in your area
About to cause mass hysteria
[verse 1]
Before a blunt, I take out my fronts
Then I start to front, matter of fact, I be on a manhunt
You couldn't catch me in the streets without a ton of reefer
That's like X catchin' the Jungle Fever
King poetic, too much flavor, I'm major
ain't Brave-r, I pull a number like a pager
'Cause I'm a ace when I face the bass
40-side is the place that is givin' me grace
Now wait, another dose and you might be dead
And I'm a Nike-head, I wear chains that excite the Feds
And ain't a damn thing gonna change, I'm a performer, strange
So the mic warmer was born to gain
Nas, why did you do it?
You know you got the mad-phat fluid when you rhyme
It's halftime
[chorus]
(Right...) It's halftime
(Right...) Ayo, it's halftime
(Right...) It's halftime
(Right...) Yeah, it's about halftime
This is how it feel, check it out, how it feel
[verse 2]
It's like that, you know it's like that
I got it hemmed, now you never get the mic back
When I attack, there ain't a army that could strike back
So I react, never calmly on a hype track
I set it off with my own rhyme
'Cause I'm as ill as a convict who kills for phone time
I max like cassettes, I flex like sex
In your stereo sets, Nas'll catch wreck
I used to hustle, now all I do is relax and strive
When I was young, I was a fan of The 5
I drop jewels, wear jewels, hope to never run it
With more kicks than a baby in a mother's stomach
Nasty Nas has to rise 'cause I'm wise
This is exercise 'til the microphone dies
Back in '83 I was an MC sparkin'
But I was too scared to grab the mics in the parks and
Kick my little raps 'cause I thought niggas wouldn't understand
And now in every jam, I'm the fuckin' man
I rap in front of more niggas than in the slave ships
I used to watch "CHiPs", now I load Glock clips
I got to have it, I miss Mr. Magic
, my style switches like a faggot
But not bisexual, I'm an intellectual of rap
I'm a professional and that's no question, yo
These are the lyrics of the man, you can't near it, understand?
'Cause in the streets, I'm well-known like the number man
Am I in place with the bass and format?
rap and tell me Nas ain't all that
And next time I rhyme, I be foul
I freestyle I see trial, niggas say I'm wild
I hate a rhyme-biter's rhyme
Stay tuned, Nas soon, the real rap comes at halftime
[chorus]
(Right...) Exhale, check it, it's halftime
(Right...) It's real in the field
Word life, check it
[verse 3]
I got it goin' on, even flip a morning song
Every afternoon, I kick half the tune
And in the darkness, I'm heartless like when the NARC's hit
Word to Marcus Garvey, I hardly sparked it
'Cause when I blast the herb, that's my word
I be slayin' 'em fast, doin' this, that and the third
But chill, pass to Andre, and let's slay
I bag bitches up at John Jay and hit a matinee
Puttin' hits on 5-0
'Cause when it's my time to go, I wait for God with the .44
And biters can't come near
And yo, go to Hell to the foul cop who shot Garcia
I won't plant seeds, don't need an extra mouth I can't feed
That's extra change, more cash for damp weed
This goes out to , the Island of Staten
and Queens is livin' fat and
The Boogie Down, enough props, enough clout
Ill Will, rest in peace, yo I'm out
[outro]
(Right...) It's still halftime
(Right...) To the crew
To the crew, you know it's halftime
(Right...) '92, it's halftime
(Right...) Yo police, police man, yo let's get ghost

[produced by pete rock]
[chorus: pete rock + nas]
(It's yours)
Whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine-whose world is this?
(It's yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine-whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
[verse 1: nas]
I sip the Dom P, watchin' Gandhi 'til I'm charged, then
Writin' in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
To hold the mic I'm throbbin', mechanical movement
smooth shit that murderers move with
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation, react like I'm facin'
Time like Pappy Mason, with pens I'm embracin'
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
Suede Timbs on my feets makes my cipher complete
cruisin' in a Sikh's cab or Jeep
I can't call it, the beats make me fallin' asleep
I keep fallin', but never fallin' six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for dead presidents to represent me
[chorus: pete rock + nas]
Whose world is this?
[verse 2: nas]
To my man Ill Will, God bless your life (It's yours)
To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life
I trip, we box up crazy bitches, aimin' guns in all my baby pictures
Beef with housing police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's
Yet I'm the mild, money-gettin' style, rollin' foul
The versatile, honey-stickin', wild, golden child
' in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled
Or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle
There's no days for broke days when sellin' smoke pays
While all the old folks pray to Jesus, soakin' they sins in trays
Of holy water, odds against Nas is slaughter
' a word best describin' my life to name my daughter
My strength, my son, the star will be my resurrection
Born in correction, all the wrong shit I did, he'll lead in right direction
How you livin'? Large or broke on charge cards and mediocre?
You flippin' coke or playin' spit, spades, and strip poker?
[chorus: pete rock + nas]
Yo, the world is yours, the world is yours
[bridge]
Break it down
It's yours, it's yours
It's yours, it's yours
[verse 3: nas]
I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed
For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside, 1,000 miles from home
I need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow
'Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
Tryin' to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip
' my peeps not eatin' can make my heartbeat skip
And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for , stabbin' women like the
The crew is lampin' Big Willie style
Check the chip-toothed smile, plus I profile wild
Stash loot in fly clothes, burnin' dollars to light my stoge
Walk the blocks with a bop, checkin' dames, plus the games people play
Bust the problems of the world today
[chorus: pete rock + nas]
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine-whose world is this? (Yeah)
[outro: nas & pete rock]
(Break it down) Yeah, aight
To everybody in Queens, the foundation (It's yours)
The world is yours
To everybody uptown, yo, the world is yours (It's yours)
The world is yours
To everybody in
Y'all know the world is yours (It's yours)
in Mount Vernon, the world is yours (It's yours)
Long Island, yo, the world is yours (It's yours)
Staten Island, yeah, the world is yours (It's yours)
South Bronx, the world is yours (It's yours)
Aight

[produced by dj u-neek]
[intro]
We're not against rap, we're not against rappers
But we are against those thugs (thugs, thugs, thugs)
[hook: shatasha williams]
It's the Bone
It's the Bone
[verse 1: layzie bone]
You're feelin' the strength of the rump, step up
Hear the funk of the jump that the thugstas feel
Just be thuggin', straight buzzin'
Lovin' your peoples cause we so real
Chill, better bring your weapon when steppin'
Bring on that ammunition, trip and don't slip
Not to mention, never knew no competition
But I gotta get mine
So scream out "Mo'!" and let me hear ya holla
Not about that mighty dollar
Roll with the Bone, Mo' Thugs will follow
Chain gang remaining the same
my dank and drinking brew
about that hanging, clocking my bank
And thuggin' with trues, foo's
[hook: shatasha williams]
[verse 2: wish bone]
Get ready for the Bone and the Mo' Thug
Bustas, you know me as a hustla
Try to creep and get beat
Maybe six feet, peep, gotta put them under
, gotta make that money, man
It's still the same now
Bailin' in my black trench vest
You gotta be down to bang-bang
Come and get this teaching
You soldiers how thugstas must stack
Me drinkin' me brew 'til me skull crack
Wig blew all the way back
[hook: shatasha williams]
[verse 3: krayzie bone]
Now follow me now, roll, stroll off deep in the land
Well creep if you can
Take another swig to the brain rose
Loc'in, steady chokin' off that potent smoke
And running from the po-po now
Gotta get up with my thugstas
Right turn to the double Glock
Pull to the curb, smoke with my hustlas
Puff puff to the brain, shot
Love P-O-D'd and tweeded
Gotta get another case for my trunk
Olde , really don't need it
But in case my trues wanna get drunk
They pump Bone
So leave 'em alone, you don't wanna get shut down
Thug runnin' the nine-quad
And you better believe they be running this thug style
So what now? See the Bone Thug clank
Thug never gonna change so flame up
Sit back and just smoke to the same cut
on the creep and I came up
[hook: shatasha williams]
[verse 4: bizzy bone]
Gotta give it on up to the Glock-Glock
Pop-pop, better drop when them buckshot blow!
The Bone in me never no hoe so
No creepin' up outta the
So Sin sip gin
And Lil Mo Hart run up, nut up and flipped in
Then slipped in the clip in
Next click and me blood the victim
Ever to test nuts, to the chest and put 'em to rest and
But I won't test bucks
Put a hole up into me vest and
Gotta get through my soul but they won't budge
Mug, drug, me picked em
The blood in me running my mental
The thug in me stuck in me keeping it simple
The Thug in me running with thugs so
To the temple, buck when you duck
To the thuggish ruggish T's
St. Clair P's to appeal to the G's
And a buck to all my enemies
[hook: shatasha williams]
It's the
[outro: shatasha williams]
We got Layzie, and
Bizzy's in the house, Wish is in the house
And Flesh, and
, definitely in the house
It's the

[chorus: pusha t]
Keys open doors, keys open doors
Keys open doors, keys, keys open doors
[verse 1: pusha t]
Yuugh, make your skin crawl
Press one button, let the wind fall
Who gon' stop us? Fuck the coppers, the mind of a kilo shopper
Seein' my life through the windshields of choppers
I ain't spent one rap dollar in three years, holla
Money's the leash, drag the bitch by a dog collar
Now, ho, follow
This is my ghetto story like Cham, Ice-P is the Don Dada
Open the , twenty-five to life in here
So much white you might think your holy Christ is near
Throw on your Louis V millionaires to kill the glare
Ice trays? Nada, all you'll see is pigeons paired
The realest shit I ever wrote, not Pac inspired
It's crack pot inspired, my real niggas quote
Bitch, never cook my coke, why?
Never trust a ho with your child
At you make-believe rappers, I smile, hah
Canal my style
Like you internet sharin' my files, you niggas
So kill the comparison
I'm South Beach sipping on
check, nigga, I never been
Coke money clean through Lynch
just gasp at the smell of it
Meet the dealer, ain't a bitch realer
So you ain't gotta question why Pusha don't feel you
Knock it the fuck off
[chorus: pusha t & malice]
Keys open doors, keys open doors
Keys open doors, keys, keys open doors
(Yeah, check it)
[verse 2: malice]
Throw it on the scale, feed your goddamn self
Get it how you live, we don't ask for help (No)
Word on the street is you gon' love how it melt
And I don't come with a pitch neither, the shit sell itself
I yell, "Re-up," 'til I'm locked like Mumia
And get it cross-state with the grace of Maria
Keep on toys, you gon' know us when you see us
Livin' street tales worthy of Don Divas
Keys in the floor, mistress in Dior
Bitch tell me she love me, but I know she's a whore
Shit could get ugly should she talk to the law
And that's just what I get, it's the Roses of War
Fuck the Bureau, rather be spending Euros
We get fed grapes, fuck hoes in plurals
Just like heaven as I gaze at the mural
What a peace of mind when you cop you some
Cheers to the future as we toast to life
I'm Prive-ing in Miami, I'm a socialite, nigga
The cars are big, the cribs are bigger
The kids are happy, the perfect picture
razor, the fruit of my labor
And I walk with a glow, it's like the Lord's shown favor
These bitches fake like the hoes on Flavor
But I don't mind spending, all it is is paper, yes
[chorus: pusha t]

[intro]
Yeah, nigga
I'ma go ahead and murder this shit
Voice gone and shit, I think it's gon' make it sound a lil'
A lil' ill, just a lil' iller
Yeah, , nigga, yeah
[verse]
blue kicks, pedal to the metal
like a puppet and the Devil is
Letter to the ghetto, hold your head high
You can pick apart my raps, I ain't told ya nan lie
My world a little darker like a fuckin' tan line
Go on look for a better nigga, girl you can't find
Fine young man with an old man mind
No time for the chick who fucked the whole mankind
Aw, no ma'am, I'm an old land mine
I been waiting to blow up for a long damn time
Now I'm armed and I'm, 's finest
's savior, marijuana blazer
Only on occasion 'cause my mind be racin'
Lost in my thoughts so my eyes be Asian
how these rap niggas gotta be fakin'
Whole style obviously copied, pasted
swag, may arrive last
But when it's all said and done, I'ma be ahead of them
Way that I describe it, prescribe a nigga medicine
What that I be fly, I be higher than the Jet-a-sons
Moving on up, nigga higher than the
All about the , bad chicks, send 'em in
Basic hoes, toss 'em out, can't even get Waffle House
Hatin' niggas, chalk 'em out, go on, get the coffin out
What you talking about, lil man?
My shit here burning, you not even lil' tan
I'm ill enough to kill cancer, baby, I'm chemo
Down in Miami and I'm throwed like Marino
Get a whole lot of you know and she bald like an Eagle
No, not on top but down there
She say she want to hop on top, girl, I don't care
You better get yours 'fore I reach mine cause then I'm throwing peace signs
If you a freak, I can take you to your peak
Girl, I do it to the maximum, Nissan
And I hope you a believer
I'm quarterbacking, tryna get you open like receivers
Far from an overnight achiever
Cole is like the leader of the new niggas
To tell the truth, I'm only fucking with a few niggas
If that, the rest of y'all niggas get lapped
I sit back and reflect on the rap game, I came from out of nowhere
Nigga, I swear them lames ain't know how to prepare
Got niggas shouting out the 'Ville, "I gotta go there"
Boy don't you know you get shot over there?
I say my prayers 'cause this life ain't fair
A bunch of backstabbing niggas, hope the knife ain't there
A bunch of temptation facing when your wife ain't there
Yeah late at night, when I got the phone call and made a right
But my crib was straight ahead, shawty gave me head
Hit it then I quit it 'fore she even made the bed
Damn I'm no good, but damn it's so good
I'm picturing that body like a camera phone would
like while I'm up in that V-gina
Type of chick that only dress in something that's designer
I could give a fuck long as there's something that's behind of her
Got the type of bumper make a dog wanna hump
Back to the topic, actually forgot it
Hoes, money, I'm the shit, oh yeah, I'm reminded
The way I put the words together, cleverly align 'em
These other rap niggas should never be a problem
[outro]
And I'm ghost, nigga, yeah
Let me hear that, woo!

[verse 1 - pill]
Every morning I wake up, I'm thanking God for the day
But then it's back to the trap slangin the hardest of yay
Ask for forgiveness because I know this ain't livin that I'm livin
Cool decision that easily let a nigga in prison
A vision of having better days
the reality of me serving several jays
I ask for help, please
Get me up off these corners, I can't see myself leave
Stuck in this world of crack smoke and hoes on they knees
I seen him bleeding on the ground and I said a prayer
Please don't take him lord--thats my partner--cause we need him here
He got some children and a momma who love him dear
Why we hustle and people struggle, you ain't made that clear
And so its back off to the streets, and I'm callin them home
I black out all the people preachin, callin my phone
I got these dimes on my mind, and I'm all in the zone
Cause when you broke motherfucker, yes you fallin alone
[verse 2 - pill]
There's been times I don' cried cause I was down on my luck
A damn thing to my name and I don't give a fuck
thinking they can hold me, they got it wrong
And I remember my momma told me, gotta be strong
I'm rollin' stones, that's the only way I see a profit
felon, but there's something heavy off in my pocket
So stop it, I see him watching, I'm keeping on
You go to your 9 to 5, I'm trapping; to each his own
The things I feel, I think god should know
Why I couldn't be one of those kids on the Cosby Show
It's ugly, you see them thuggin, they pushing buggies, collecting cans
If he could apply himself he might be a better man
It's kinda hard when there's a liquor store on every corner
And you see twelve every moment trying to run up on ya
It's kinda hard cause it's a liqour store on every corner
And you see twelve every moment tryin to run up on ya

[intro]
"That was the warm up, that was the warm up, baby
Aight, Elite, for real, one take, dawg, and I'm up outta here
One, yup, yeah."
[verse]
Lord, please forgive me for my sinning
I ain't saying that I'm finished, but I'm praying in advance
Cause the way her eyes glance like they playing in my pants
Yeah, ball game
I swear the hoes wasn't in my plans when a nigga took the chance and came to the big city
My beat machine the only fucking thing I had with me
Like Bobby had , we was cooking up crack
But them fifteen credits had a nigga off track
that, best rapper since Lil Wayne in classes
The best bachelor since Bruce Wayne with his bachelor's
But mastered this rap shit
You hear the words coming from my lips bastards
I never crack, I got that
I practiced till that shit made perfect and served it to the people on a silver platter
Now where's the ladder?
Cause either you gonna whine or you climb; I chose the latter
Know you haters is pissed, hold your bladder though
'Fore you get tossed like a forward lateral
We never tattle, let God handle that
Or let the mob handle that
No , half black, half white; I'm a piano
I'm an animal, my video on
I'm a beast when my shit hits the streets, these niggas cease to exist
Like a beach in a tsunami, you'll find me in the 'Ville
In the state of NC
Bitch, if I ain't back home, I'm up in NYC
'Bout that money prob-ly like a fucking robbery
But I ain't jacking
I'm chasing dreams sort of like jeans, boy, I ain't slacking
I'm chasing dreams sort of like jeans, boy, I ain't slacking
Hey, take a hard look at my drive nigga, no hacking on my shit
I'm straight smacking niggas, straight tagging niggas
Yo, I freestyle and fuck you niggas, ya'll be wilding and I'm out

[verse 1: andré 3000]
One for the money, yes, sir, two for the show
A couple of years ago on and Delowe
Was the start of something good
Where me and my nigga rode the MARTA through the hood
Just tryna find that hookup
Now, every day, we looked up at the ceiling (Yuh)
ceiling fans go 'round, tryna catch that feeling off instrumentals
Had my pencil, and plus, my paper
We caught the 86 , headed to
rhymes, tryna find our spot off in that light
Light off in that spot, knowing that we could rock
Doing the hole-in-the-wall clubs, this shit here must stop
Like, "Freeze!" We making the crowd move, but we not making no G's, and that's a no-no
[verse 2: big boi]
Check it, a-one-two, a-one
"Two dope niggas in the ," they call us
Went from "Player's Ball" to ballers
the South up on the map was like Little Rock to banging
Niggas say, " that playin'," they payin', we stayin', layin' vocals
done made it with them big boys up in this industry
", yeah, them niggas, they making big noise"
Over a million sold to this day; niggas, they take it lightly
'96 gon' be that year that all y'all player-haters can bite me
I'm out this bitch
[hook]
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming doors
[verse 3: big boi]
Back in the day, when I was younger, hunger
to fill me belly with that Rallys, bullshit
Pull shit off, like it was supposed to be pulled
Full as a tick, I was stoned like them white boys
them White Golds before them blunts got crunk
Chunky asses, passes getting throwed like Hail Marys
And they looking like Halle Berrys
So, so fine, intertwined, but we ain't sipping wine
We's just chilling, I'm the rabid villain, and I'm so high
freely, me, Lil B, Reek, Mone and Shug
And my little brother, James, things changed in the hood
Where I live at, them rats know, "Momma, I want to sing
But, momma, I want to trick (Trick), and momma, I'm sucking dicks, now"
We moving on up in the world like elevators
Me and the crew, we pimps like '82
Me and you like Tony! Toni! Tone! (Yeah, yeah)
Like this, East Point and we gone
[hook]
[verse 4: andré 3000]
Got stopped at the mall the other day
Heard a call from the other way that I just came from ("Ayy")
Some nigga was saying something
'bout smoke something
"Hey, man, you remember me from school?" "No, not really"
But he kept smiling like a clown, facial expression looking silly
And he kept asking me, "What kinda car you drive?
I know you paid, I know y'all got beaucoup hoes
From all them songs that y'all done made"
And I replied that I'd been going through the same things that he has
True, I've got more fans than the average man
But not enough loot to last me to the end of the week
I live by the beat like you live check-to-check
If it don't move your feet, then, I don't eat, so we like neck-to-neck
Yes, we done come a long way like them slim-ass cigarettes
From , this ain't gon' stop, so we just gon' continue
[hook]

[intro: lil jon]
What, uh
What?! You can't! You can't
It's ho, Lil ho, it's BME ho
[refrain (repeated throughout song)]
Get on my level ho
[chorus: lil jon]
Bitch nigga you can neva eva
Eva eva
Eva eva, eva eva
Get on my level ho (What!)
Get on my level ho (What!)
Bitch nigga you can neva eva
Eva eva
Eva eva, eva eva
[verse 1: dirty mouth]
Get the fuck back, get the fuck back already
I ain't playing nann day
Prove a nigga what you say
Meet me anywhere, I don't care
It don't matter to me
Cause if you fucking step
I'mma step in your vicinity
What, you think I'm a ho?
Nigga please!
You ain't on my level
Get some rank, bitch
While I'm digging your grave with a shovel
Time after time I ask myself
Is it really clever for you to get with me?
Bitch nigga you can never ever
Rank on my level, I push a pedal
If you niggas fuck with me
I got that chrome
Heavy metal
Never settle for less but always strive for the best
Most these niggas playing chief will put you straight to the test
[chorus: lil jon]
[verse 2: don peezy]
Look at my Benz, look at my Ac
Look at my Navi and my Lac
Get on my level?
Hell nah never that
I knew you wasn't real cause all ya do is chit-chat
Always slizzle-making
Sure I stay gone
Call us some broad to the Dome
Trying to get with me is like naps through a comb
They call me Don P aka ""
Up in the club with my on
Don't know if I'm high, drunk, or getting my roll on
He on the cell "Can ya hear me?"
Hell nah
Get on my level
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all, fo real
[chorus: lil jon]
[verse 3: la]
LA off in this thing, get up on my level, ho!
Bitch nigga, you can never ever, ever ever hang
Bitch nigga step the fuck back, and if you think I'm jokin'
Ask them niggas that tried to play us
See 'em lying off in that coffin
, ATL swanging, swanging, throwing bows
Got some niggas that be hating busting slugs at my foes
If you thinking you can fuck with a nigga like me
Nah nigga, get rich
and BME
What the fuck you talking about?
We too deep
Nigga what!
If a hater wanna hate then a hater getting bust
We ain't hard to find, nigga, so why you steadily talking shit?
I'm fixing to sick my dogs, ho
Pussy nigga, get big, nigga-ho
[verse 4: lil' scrappy]
Get crunk out your brains when I spit this verse
I'm a blood-sucking vampire, my venom is worse
Head Bustas deal with dangerous thirsts (Head Busta!)
your bones in your chest and make your motherfuckin' heart burst
Don't worry now, best of the South on the map
Knock your thoughts out and leave your brains on your lap
Don't touch my Kangol, shorty... what's wrong with you?
I might drop my fist back and knock your grill through
[chorus: lil jon]
[outro: lil jon]
When I see you duck
Run around the motherfuckin' club!
Run around the motherfuckin' club!

[produced by: cool & dre]
[intro: 50 cent]
Yeah, let's take 'em back
Uh-huh
[verse 1: 50 cent]
Coming up I was confused, my mommy kissing a girl
occurs coming up in the cold world
Daddy ain't around, probably out committing felonies
My favorite rapper used to sing, "Check, check out my melody"
I wanna live good so, shit, I sell dope
For a four finger ring, one of them gold ropes
Nana told me if I passed I'd get a sheepskin coat
If I can move a few packs I'd get the hat, now that'd be dope
Tossed and turned in my sleep that night
Woke up the next morning, niggas had stole my bike
day, same shit, ain't nothing good in the hood
I'd run away from this bitch and never come back if I could
[chorus: 50 cent & the game]
Hate it or love it, the underdog's on top
And I'm gon' shine, homie, until my heart stop
Go 'head envy me, I'm rap's M.V.P
And I ain't going nowhere, so you can get to know me
Hate it or love it, the underdog's on top
And I'm gon' shine, homie, until my heart stop
Go 'head envy me, I'm rap's M.V.P
And I ain't going nowhere, so you can get to know me
[verse 2: the game]
(G-G-G-G-G-Unit!) On the grill of my lowrider
Guns on both sides, right above the gold wires
I'll fo'-five 'em, kill a nigga on my song
And really do it, that's the true meaning of a ghostwriter
10 G's will take your daughter out her Air Forces
in me, homie, I know all about losses
I'm from , wear the wrong colors, be cautious
One phone call'll have your body dumped in Marcy
I stay strapped like car seats
Been bangin' since my lil' nigga Rob got killed for his
That's 10 years, I told Pooh in '95
I'll kill you if you try me for my Air Max 95's
Told Banks when I met him I'ma ride
And if I gotta die, I'd rather homicide
I ain't have 50 cent when my grandmama died
Now I'm going back to Cali
With my Jacob on, see how time fly?
[chorus: 50 cent & the game]
[bridge: 50 cent]
From the beginning to the end
Losers lose, winners win
This is real, we ain't got to pretend
The cold world that we in is full of pressure and pain
Enough of me, nigga, now listen to Game
[verse 3: the game]
Used to see Five-O, throw the crack by the bench
Now I'm fuckin' with 5-0, it's all starting to make sense
My mom's happy, she ain't gotta pay the rent
And she got a red bow on that brand new Benz
on Sha Money to land, sitting in the Range
how they spent 30 million dollars on airplanes
When there's kids starvin'
Pac is gone and Brenda still throwing babies in the garbage
I wanna know what's going on like I hear Marvin
No schoolbooks, they used that wood to build coffins
I'm in the booth and I get exhausted
I think, "What if Marie Baker got that abortion?" I love you, ma
[chorus: 50 cent & the game]

"I hate these pajamas!
These pajamas aren't stitched for me!"
" are pussified!"
Ah, whoa
Listen to our story 'bout three school kids
We're on Wife Swap, we're not some pigs
We go storm chasin' with Mom and Dad
And a tornado would make us glad
We eat Slim Jims, we're out in the road
Drop our pants, take a big load
Texas, , Dallas,
South Dakota, North Dakota and Kansas City, too
City, girls got big, ah
, , Omaha, too
Half past the monkey's ass, quarter to his balls
We chase dust devils, get sand in our pants
Our flies are itchin', it's the fire ants
If you're trying to [?] us and can't keep up
If you're talking about me, you can shut the ah up
That's my mama on a big white ax
People are watching, you pay the cash
[mom's guitar solo]
My name is Ryo, I love the big trains
I run your ass over if I think you're a pain
That's my papa and he's making it stick
Take it away, Daddy, he ain't no dick
[dad's harmonica solo]
I am , I am number one
I get good grades and have some fun
We are the Heene boys, we're not pussified
We eat baked beans, now we're fortified
Beans, beans, good for your heart
The more you eat, the more you fart
The more you fart, the better you feel
So eat beans, beans for every meal
We go to school to get an education
No homeschool, that's pussification
My name is Falcon, I'll kick you in the nuts
I hate big [unintelligible], I think you're a putz
I walk into my backyard with my uh in my hand
I give all my ah,
I look up in the tree, what do I see?
I see [?] tryin' to pee on me
So I pick up a rock, throw it at his ah
He fell to the floor and his ah fell off
I took him to the doctor and the doctor said
"Sorry 'bout that, he's dead!"
We are the Heene boys, we are fortified
We're not whipped punks, we're not pussified
We are the Heene boys, we are fortified
We're not whipped punks, we're not pussified

[intro]
Uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh
[verse 1]
Day and night
I toss and turn, I keep stressing my mind, mind
I look for peace, but see, I don't attain
What I need for keeps, this silly game we play, play
Now look at this
the magnet keeps attracting me, me
I try to run, but see, I'm not that fast
I think I'm first but surely finish last, last
[chorus]
'Cause day and night
The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone through the day and night
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night, at, at, at night
Day and night
The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone, some things will never change
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night, at, at, at night
[verse 2]
Hold the phone
The lonely stoner, Mr. Solo Dolo
He's on the move, can't seem to shake the shade
Within his dreams he sees the life he made, made
The pain is deep
A silent sleeper, you won't hear a peep, peep
The girl he wants don't seem to want him too
It seems the feelings that she had are through, through
[chorus]
'Cause day and night
He's all alone through the day and night
He's all alone, some things will never change
[verse 3]
Slow mo'
When the tempo slows up and creates that new, new
He seems alive though he is feeling blue
The sun is shining, man he's super cool, cool
The lonely nights
They fade away, he slips into his white Nikes
He smokes a clip and then he's on the way
To free his mind in search of, to free his mind in search of
To free his mind in search of
[chorus]
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night
At, at, at night, night
At, at, at night, night
[outro]
Na-na-na-na-na-na, Kid Cudi
status, ridin' all day
status, ridin' all night
status, ridin' all day
status, ridin' all night

[intro: yo gotti & gucci mane]
Chea! (Yeah)
Ay, you know I'm lookin' for a five-star bitch, talkin' bout
(Burr! Burr!) I'm talkin' homegirl
Be lookin' like she just stepped outta magazine (Gucci!)
If your credit score high, feet and nails stay fly
Keep your juice box wet, and your head somethin' fine
This time, it's gonna be somethin' serious (yeah!)
I want a five-star bitch, I need a five-star bitch
I need a five-star bitch, I want a five-star bitch
[verse 1: gucci mane]
Gotti, here go twelve bars, Gucci Mane got nine cars
We don't call 'em dimes no more, '09 we call 'em five stars
I'm a five-star nigga, this a five-star clique
That's a 645, this that new M6
Pay her bills, get her hair fixed, might even pay her rent
And the way she give it to me, best money I ever spent
Hey, I can't even lie, I'm so super high
Do not need her, will not keep her unless she is fly
Gucci Mane's a thug, B; your man is a scrub, see
She loves me now, she loves you not, yeah all my bitches love me
And if you in , look up Gucci girl and beep me
And we can find a five-star hotel, you can meet me
[hook: yo gotti]
That's a five-star bitch, that's a five-star bitch
Now that's a five-star bitch, now that's a five-star bitch
If your credit score high, feet and nails stay fly
Keep your juice-box wet and your head somethin' fine
Then you a five-star bitch, ay you a five-star bitch
Ay you a five-star bitch, ay you a five-star bitch
I want a five-star chick, I need a five-star chick
I need a five-star chick, I want a five-star chick
[verse 2: yo gotti]
It's your boy Yo Gotti, I do grade A shit
I'm the realest nigga walkin', and this the remix
And still I'm out here lookin' for a five-star chick
When I catch her, I'mma bless her with a five-star kid
She a natural born hustla, she ain't chasin' no suckas
On a mission for a real nigga, she ain't never fucked a busta
So your cars and your jewelry that she really don't excite
And all them hatin'-ass hoes in the club want to fight
She was born in the A, went to school in D.C
Got a job in Dallas, Texas then moved to
If you ain't a five-star, need to go ahead and face it
Fake Gucci, fake Louis, shorty that'll make you basic
That ain't a five-star bitch, that ain't a five-star bitch
That ain't a five-star bitch, girl ain't a five-star bitch
[verse 3: trina]
(Trina!) See I'm a five-star bitch cause I ain't that other bitch
She been strugglin' for hers, from the womb, I been rich
I ain't gotta talk about the money and the shoe game
All you gotta do is Google Trina, see the proof, mane
Cause ain't none of these hoes doing shows in a recession
They cards get declined, now they suffering a depression
While I'm spending meals, signin' all kinda deals
I'm a five-star bitch eatin' five-star meals
My whole lifestyle like "Coming to "
All my Louis luggage, you see my bag how I carry her
Walkin' through the airport like I'm in a parade
On my hologram, loggin' on to E-Trade
[hook: yo gotti]
That's a five-star bitch, that's a five-star bitch
Now that's a five-star bitch, now that's a five-star bitch
Then you a five-star bitch, ay you a five-star bitch
Ay you a five-star bitch, ay you a five-star bitch
I want a five-star chick, I need a five-star chick
I need a five-star chick, I want a five-star chick
[verse 4: nicki minaj]
I just had a epiphany, I need to go to 's
Fendi on my slippers and my cookie's always slippery
I don't need help, I pay the bills on time
So I be yellin' "Fuck 'em" with a dildo sign
Five, little mama, you a three-star
I ain't sleepin' when I say I'm in my dream car
Oh, did I stutter? hyphen Barbie
I'm hot, I think it's time to put the rice in
I was in the chair, I was gluin' my weave in
When you hit the stage, they was booin' and leavin'
Young Money, red flag, no more auditions
Ask Lil Wayne who the five-star bitch is
[outro: yo gotti]

[hook]
(Ay, who I'm is?) man, wild as the
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me Man, always in trouble, man!
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys all colors, man
[verse 1]
man, like a one-man band
Treat these niggas like the Apollo and I'm the
Tote a hundred grand, cannon in the waistband
for a sweet lick? Well this is the wrong place, man
7-time felon, what I care about a case, man?
I'm campaigning to bury the hate so say ya grace, man
Ay, I don't talk behind a nigga back, I say it in his face
I'm a thoroughbred nigga, I don't fake and I don't hate
Check my resume, nigga, my record's impeccable
in the A nigga how T.I.P. is highly respectable
And in the M.I.A. nigga, I'm tryna keep it professional
Cause all this tongue rustling finna have me snappin, I'm telling you
From the bottom of the Duval, to New York
And everybody showing me love, that's one to you all
Yeah, to all my niggas, my niggas
My LA niggas
[hook]
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubber band man, wild as the
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me trouble man, always in trouble man
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys, all colors man
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubber band man, wild as the
