This should be fun!
Yay!
I'm looking forward to the confirmation that I'm not as dorky as I feel somedays.
nice one !
cant wait for more posts
This seems interesting.
We have out-fuck-up (
It's to share stories of you fucking up :P
LOL
So .
my memoirs
Are you male or female?
And so it begins...
had to get the ball rolling
And I choose you.
Today I Fucked Up =tifu
Damn straight you choose me
TODAY I FUCKED UP
Best of luck, other .
't TIFU be something that happened today?
A large school function, 3000 kids.
Can I ask why you need to wear a gun in the first place?
Is there actually danger of someone doing something that needs them to be put down hard?
[although I am thankful for police there to keep order]
Note: I'm from a country where policemen don't wear guns in public at all
In the future, that will be one of our rules, but right now, we need some posts to get the ball rolling.
If you were at a large school function with over 3000 kids, and one of them decided to pull out a gun and start shooting, wouldn't you want your policemen to have guns?
I place my laptop bag directly in front of the door to the garage every night.
That way I can't possibly forget it, right?
Not unless I very carefully step over it while going to the garage in the morning in a sleep deprived fog.
And only remembering said move once at work, 25 miles from home, when I realize the bag is not in the car.
School shootings tend to get wildly out of hand when there is no armed official presence.
If you're in a country where firearms are highly restricted, it might work out ok.
In the US, crazy people will have guns, so police have to.
Today l fucked up and visited .
Kids would feel gypped if you didn't have a gun.
Answer - don't load it and let them give your heater a squeeze.
First time I drove by myself in a stick I was the first car at an uphill, very busy red light.
The light turned green.
I then proceeded to stall out 5 straight times while every car behind me honked their horns to the fullest extent.
I got into first without fucking up and made the light just as it changed from yellow to red.
Sucks for them, but hell I finally made the light so I didn't care.
It's just part of their uniform, it makes them look intimidating so you don't start shit.
a gun a cop is just a regular guy in fancy clothes.
Also just in case ect.
Ah, thanks for the comments people.
The idea of a kid having a gun is just so foreign to me.
Or crazy people having guns.
Now that I think about it, it terrifies me and I never want to visit there.
Except that the candy is so damn addictive...
WHY IS THIS SO FUNNY?
Nice.
TIFU has a promising future here I bet.
I made a dumbass of myself and it's fun to laugh at the misfortunes of others.
Welp, I think you win this reddit.
This.
All the time.
Tastes 'bout the same
First legit laugh of the day, thanks!
As I was reading I was like "He gonna leave his gun huh?"
Just not as chewy
this sounds cool!
thanks for starting it.
forward to posting on this more often
If it was one of those mutant fruit bastard variety, then you did it right.
can't even imagine
How does that even happen?
I bought a brownie the other day took off the wrapping expecting to taste chocolate heaven, took a bite and it was pumpkin...never so disappointed in my life.
I lold
OP, have you ever done a desk pop?
Why do you think we're all fat?
Damned addictive candy.
The thing is, if someone is planning a slaughter, they don't generally care if they're killed.
You can make all sorts of incredibly deadly weapons if you're not too picky about safety, survival or concealment.
It's much too easy to make weapons.
In that context, all society can do is hope that someone is nearby who can stop them quickly.
upvote for the username
no, sausages, just sausages.
no tazers or mace, just fuckin sausages.
see how that fight goes.
one third grader with a 9mm vs one highly trained cop with only a sausage
Unless you happen to be in the back seat with childlock after everyone else has left the car.
But that wasn't today...
Today I fucked up and visited
TIL that dry microwaved noodles are possibly the only microwaved substance worse than burnt popcorn.
Not a FU unless you LEFT IT IN YOUR HAIR.
Figure it this way.
100,000,000 people in the US own a firearm of some type.
99.99% of them act sane with their firearms.
You are just as safe here as you are in any other first wold country.
At least you didn't take a dump with the seat and lid down.
Done this!
i had a 1987 bmw 325i, you could actually lock someone in if you wanted to.
it was 10 years ago, but IIRC, you had to turn the key and pull it out when horizontal.
then you could lift up on the little plungers on the door but wouldn't do anything.
The idea being that if someone else has a gun, then I really hope mr.
policeman has one too
some girl put a cup of easy mac in our break room microwave without water and its worse than burnt popcorn could ever be.
It's not a school related event, but good reason for police to have a proper weapon for any situation.
( Police weren't prepared and it caused some crazy crap to go down.
This happened in my building except the girl made easy mac, forgot to put water in it, and accidentally set the microwave to 20 minutes instead of 2.
It smelled so awful that apparently the offices four floors up thought there was a fire and began to evacuate the building.
The birth of your greatest accomplishment in life, OP.
A staple subreddit on 's front pages.
Take in in bro, enjoy this moment.
lol wtf
Haha lets not get ahead of ourselves.
Love this one.
Just hope that the sploshy people don't take it over: "TIFU by spilling baked beans and whipped cream down my pants!"
You should mosey on (
We all have, you know.
Matt is that you?
Same thing happened last semester in my dorms too.
Easy Mac is easily the most horrifying thing to cook without water in the microwave.
Just did the same thing.
Then tried giving my bf a promised blow job I couldn't get out of.
Threw up everywhere and ran out.
That.
Is.
AWESOME!
I imagined a kid walking into a crowded gym with a flamethrower.
You might want to re-think that 99.99%.
It's probably more like, 93%.
That is extremely helpful, thank you.
HAHA mumbling about the terminator!
Just a fellow mod helping out another fellow mod.
(Even though from totally unrelated subreddits.)
ALWAYS do this...
flings sausage kid shoots cop.
Laughs maniacally.
EDIT: Not as in real cop.
I'm sorry if I seemed serious.
I meant it in jest, but I see that I went too far.
My 93 325i is the same way.
I locked myself in somehow, and had to climb out of the sunroof to unlock it.
The damage had been done
Yeah, this guy's got the idea, everyone does a desk pop in their career.
Haha!
My first car was an old-ish convertible...
I think you see where this is going.
Safe to say I didn't make that mistake twice.
I once did that with my GFs body wash, but we're talking deep cleansing body scrub...
I was picking pumice bits out of my hair for days.
What do you think about starting all posts with "TIFU"?
to TIL.
exactly how i imagined it :D you bring dreams to life
I flushed a AAA battery by accident once.
Well, I guess it was on purpose because I didn't want to fish it out.
I had one of those battery operated toothbrushes and when changing the batteries, one rolled across the counter and bounced off the TP and into the toilet.
Water seemed clean but I didn't feel like reaching into the toilet.
I am currently, and I just died laughing at what watching him must have been like.
That was such an intense fuck up that I bit my steering wheel and held on to my shower curtains covered in cold sweat.
This is going to be a rule
Ya, just get a fellow officer to hold a bottle 'o pop and shoot it out of his hand.
Make sure the sergeant is watching too or else it won't work.
Really?
7 million people use their firearms in an unsafe manner?
Hardly.
to recent stats, there were about 55,000 non-fatal, intentional shootings, and 22,000 non-fatal, non-intentional shootings.
There were around 33,000 fatal shootings, of which half were suicides.
So about 100,000 incidents of firearms being used in a manner which caused some form of injury.
So yes, I should refine my number.
99.9% of people use their firearms in a sane manner, not 99.99%.
My apologies for being slightly off.
Why would they re-think it, they are right and you are off by a factor of 700
Drove to work, walked home, had to walk back to work to drive home.
One time as a stupid freshman who had never really cooked anything on his own before, I put a saucepan (a metal one with a rubber/plastic handle) in the microwave.
was pissed about the smell.
I never admitted it was me.
My girlfriends car has a crazy alarm on it.
I don't know the exact sequence, but she managed to make it so that she couldn't open the doors without the alarm going bat-shit crazy.
I should note the alarm also locks the ignition so it can't be started.
She managed to lock herself in her car outside of my house one night and neither of us could figure it out.
We had to call AAA to let my girlfriend out...but I still made fun of the fact that she locked herself in.
2 weeks later, I take her car to fill up her gas late night before she has work in the morning, like a boss.
however...I can't seem to start the car.
It's locked.
I open the door (insert crazy alarm sounds) fuck.
So I have to call triple A, and end up speaking to SAME FUCKING GUY who came out last time.
He explained it and 5 minutes later I was on my way.
I'm drunk and that was WAY too long.
I've done this so many times.
Also happens with orange juice.
This happened to me my freshman year, had to use my tshirt to dry off.
Do you live or were in at the time?
I saw someone do this.
easybib.com
At least it's a start.
I remember getting yelled at for doing this when I was younger.
It's a classic though.
Wait a minute.
Are you saying they DON'T use their firearms in an unsafe manner?
You don't even have to fire your firearm to use it in an unsafe manner.
Just the other day I had to call the cops on neighbor for pointing a gun at his daughter and telling her to give him a hug.
The daughter was flipping out.
He had no intention of shooting her, and didn't, but it's still unsafe firearm behavior.
Those kinds of things don't get reported into the kind of data you're claiming.
Which also means you can throw in all of those unintentional shootings, because obviously they weren't using them in a safe manner if someone accidentally got shot.
It's also possibly to reason that using non-hollow point rounds would be considered unsafe.
Using normal rounds have a tendency to go strait through things, and damage the things behind them, while hollow points don't.
So exactly how are you going to find, and backup data of all of these different factors?
Let's be honest, you can't.
There's probably an extremely low percentage of people who are completely 100% safe with their firearms at all times.
I don't think many people would argue with that.
Edit: Haha, man I get stupid when I'm tired.
Let me re-work the last bit of this post and get back to you.
Edit: Fixed?
So you're the guy who left the massive dump in the bathroom.
Game Watch
I've done that with my phone alarm.
I have an alarm clock in my room that I never use that I set my phone beside with my actual alarm.
Far to many mornings have been spent with me trying to fucking kill my alarm clock.
, schools constantly ignoring their bullying problem has led to multiple school shootings.
A 3000 student event is a prime place for a student to do such a thing.
There's a refrigerator in my basement that holds overflow cold stuff.
I sometimes put the detergent in the fridge, and leave the milk out on the washing machine.
You still ate it, right?
I did that one time while I was asleep.
No fucking idea why.
Okay, this is absolute proof that your mum loves you.
I have both my alarm and my phone by my bed and I often use both.
My phone plays Yakety Sax and my alarm is silent, it's actually one of those models with the vibrating puck you put under your mattress.
I have often been smacking at the wrong one when I'm trying to get another few minutes of snooze time.
Only freshmen year?
Well I feel bad now.
Damn.
That's hella brutal.
My confolences for your stomach and BF.
l'm in a state of shock still.
I can't even look at my junk now without the horrible things l've seen...oh, the horror...
My cousin got drunk on Eve and threw up on the tree.
My aunt stayed up most of the night rewrapping everything.
She then proceeded to tell everyone as she handed them their presents.
Thanks Auntie, I always wanted a puked on blanket.
for me,
Forget I parked in spot right outside of classroom building.
Take school shuttle all the way to parking garage on other side of campus.
CONSTANTLY
Go on...
Yeah, I did that before as a kid.
On some tourist buses, the washroom lights turn on when you lock the door.
I did not know that, and I didn't know how to lock the door either.
I kept looking for the light switch but couldn't find it, so I decided to just piss in the dark.
I heard the splattering, but I couldn't stop.
I finished, washed my hands, and left.
Later, I looked back from my seat and saw a small puddle expanding beyond the washroom door and starting to make its way down.
Sorry, bus driver.
Just read abstracts.
Easy!
I did this once as a kid but with the washroom trash bin.
, I was semi-sleepwalking in the middle of the night and instead of aiming for the toilet, I aimed perfectly at the trash bin right beside it.
By semi-sleepwalking, I mean I woke up in the middle of peeing.
I finished and went to bed.
My mom saw everything.
Meh, he could have easily said it was his and apologized.
Doesn't matter; ogled ass.
Them's the rules in !
Go back to a bar, pick up some random chick, and bang her.
That thing about your neighbor...holy shit.
Good on you for reporting it.
Rub your dick until it's semi-chubby and kind of looks like it's flaccid (i.e., bigger than it normally is).
Walk confidently back to your room.
You can still eat it if you trust your sink.
I would have even if it fell on the floor.
Even dirty scrambled eggs, bacon, and sausage taste great.
Also, I'm lazy.
Two large textbooks?
Or phonebooks?
Or just put it against a wall?
I've done this myself quite a few times as well..
it's also stranger because it happens when I'm completely sober and imagine what others are thinking when they see me.
Pics or it didn't happen...
(c'mon, you should've known this...)
TIFU should be at the beginning of every post, just like TIL.
Don't fuck up the one rule we have.
You're (were) a fucking idiot.
1000 subscribers as of 1:38PM MST
She's probably going to take this the wrong way...
:) I just got here too.
she was very thankful for all the "life saving" I had done..
I should feel proud..
wish I could remember more.
Might matter.
I wouldn't fuck my face up over a cute girl unless there was sexytime involved.
edit: tyop
I find it scientifically unlikely.
Unless you have matching details?
xP
Upvote for "shit tickets dispenser"
Yeah, freaky shit.
I couldn't help but report it, the girl screaming was getting in the way of my violin practice.
No, but seriously, that was the first time I've ever had to do something like that, I could feel my heart pounding in shock.
I'm not sure what happened to that guy, or his daughter.
I haven't seen them around.
Which is a shame too, I'm 19, and his daughter couldn't have been much younger than me.
She was cute.
I like it.
Nice try, officer.
Most of it want into the garbage disposal.
I did get a piece of ham that stuck to the pan though :)
Hey, those are delicious, the only time I get those is on the 4th of July parades.
OH GOD
I have you tagged as "legit fbi agent." Your comments are in line with this.
If that was your first reaction, sounds like you're doing it right.
No one wants to wake up to this:
That's a crazy story and all, but what the heck is a shit tickets dispenser?
to a phd-student on our floor, but with bread rolls.
Our microwave, however, sits in the server room with smoke detectors which immediately made the whole faculty evacuate and called the firefighters.
And that costs several thousands of Euros.
You tried to plug a laser pointer that ran on watch batteries into your computer power supply?
what a dynamite mom.
we would form an awful group of roommates.
Wait, either he said he was alone and he was in your room having a sexchat...
which isn't okay for several reasons, OR you farted loud enough to be heard in another room?
WUT?
I just went to zeds dead!
In .
I was visiting my girlfriend at collage for the first time last week stopped at two green lights then ran a red one...
A cop was following me the whole time And was not very impressed
I'd suggest this sub should be selfposts only.
I hope you told him that you threw up due to spacedicks, or he may take it pretty badly.
went to the one in chicago!
zeds dead is amazing.
What kind of fish are in your wheel?
tp
Did you down vote your own post?
I'm seeing zero up votes, and one down vote currently...
He's not a redditor, so he'd probably think I'm off my trolley if I mentioned space dicks.
TIFU by mixing plaids.
It's a plan to get sympathy upvotes.
Don't fall for it!
I've done this like 4 times
You're still dorky, just not alone.
Don't sweat it, dude, the year 12 chemistry class at my school has set off the fire alarm about 4 times now since .
My little sister did this with ramen.
They came out black and ruined our tupperware.
We buried it in the backyard so our parental units wouldn't find out.
Too bad the house was still filled with smoke when our dad got home ..
Took me a second also.
I tifu'd constantly and it led to a diagnosis of severe ADHD.
Just sayin': I don't think it's fair to others that I have a biological predisposition for .
I did my driver training in a standard, because I think everyone should.
Every time we practiced hill starts, I would absolutely destroy that poor man's clutch.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU WASTED A NEWCASTLE
of course he did, what kind of a fool would throw out a pizza?
You are the reason I got in my first car accident!
That day I fucked up.
Yep :(
Yeah i was in a dorm and my buddy's roommate decided to follow, what i believe was, the Oven directions for a microwave.
He put some chicken nuggets in for like 20 minutes then went to go take a shit.
The whole dorm was filled with black smoke.
Later that night, my buddy said he heard him on the phone with his mom and he heard her say "You did that, AGAIN?"
citizens see themselves as locked in a fictional arms race against their own government or something.
I know that feeling when you got owned by yourself.
When you don't know if you should laugh or cry.
Doesn't matter, had pizza.
Agreed.
Must have more details!
Reddit smokes too much
Same unfortunately.
At first i didn't get this, then i remembered or lazy bums and normally use automatic.
Felt ( was needed
Rode my bike to school, forgot and took bus home, realized it and walked back.
It was stolen, had to walk back home.
And here I was thinking you meant it was on your face or something.
I did it with a brand new I had just bought from Game and it was totally destroyed.
even get it refunded.
i do all this shit...
the fall asleep watching porn one, Dad walks in and asks if it was especially boring.
AWKWARD.
I did think it should have been from today but tifu didn't exist when this happened and I figured it'd be nice to try and kick start this subreddit with my own fuckwittery.
That's a paddlin'
Damn face erections, always when you don't want one they pop up
Well, it's not a very good beer.
I hope you are not majoring in culinary arts.
I am so proud of you!
the thunder like some Norse god.
Proud.
Why did you call the cops?
from the outside everything with a firearm can look bad while being 100% innocent.
I've done this driving to work.
I work in a bakery that opens at 6AM.
yeah, those drives can be interesting.
I did this once but I actually got in the wrong car, put my seatbelt on, and then said "...this isn't my ride is it."
No I didn't eat it.
It didn't work for me, now im curious.
Carry on, citizen.
The thing is I know how to cook fairly well.
It was just scatterbrained forgetfulness.
I never admitted it was me, either, but the huge industrial-sized fan outside our door kinda spoke for itself.
Great suggestion, I agree.
What's a desk pop?
That is fucking wild.
I'm trying to imagine what it would be like and what I would do if I walked into a bathroom and found a gun.
What exactly does a lockdown entail?
Nope and my boyfriend knows how to cook so...
guess who's not gonna be cooking much!
That's me.
Never.
Again.
If I remember correctly the firefighters did come.
I don't think I had to pay them anything
Oh and here's the kicker.
This happened around 2pm; around 9pm that same day, someone two floors up from me burnt popcorn.
Again.
Well...it did happen to me just the other day, but I have a private shower now so it doesn't really count.
This is tragically hilarious.
lol, an e36 still had that?
interesting.
my 97 328i didn't and my current 335i doesn't (although i have never actually used the key to lock the door)
A third of all people in the USA own a firearm?
you have to try quite hard to find a standard here.
So most people don't even have a chance to learn.
, yeah.
Google it for yourself, if you don't believe me.
You, sir, should stop trolling yourself!
The only things I could find was:
The NRA estimates that half of all households (total US population is 294 million) have at least one gun owner.
and
U.S.
citizens own 270 million of the world's 875 million known firearms, according to the Small Arms Survey 2007 by the Geneva-based of .
what are your sources?
While it seems true that there are a very large number of privately own firearms in the USA, it seems like they are very unevenly distributed amongst the population.
This people is the real TIFU.
It was mostly a failed attempt at being funny.
I do these things everyday..
Except when I'm drunk.
I spent 5 minutes trying to upvote this, but failing because I was laughing so hard I could not hold the mouse still
This sounds like a porn.
I did this and it was an old couple in the car.
the car was locked but when I kept trying to open the door thinking my friend was just being an ass they got a little freaked.
Lol.
These just seem like things I'd do when I'm high
like this happened to a guy I know.
He went in to the store for a minute while his wife was waiting in the car.
When he got out he just got in the drivers seat of the first car that looked familiar.
He can't get the car started, cause the keys don't seem to work.
At that point the lady in the passenger seat starts laughing hysterically and says "You don't really look at your wife all that much, do you?"
Turns out he got into the only other identical car in his small town.
Wait.
What happened?
( a good source, and Gallup is usually pretty accurate.
He gave you facts and evidence supporting his position.
.you gave a anecdote and a claim that simply owning a certain type of bullet is "unsafe gun usage." Not to mention you threw out a completely unsupported percentage.
WTF is wrong with reddit?
Why are you getting more upvotes than him?
It's probably the thing about me calling the cops on the guy pointing a gun at his daughter.
The thing is though, you can't really put things like 'unsafe gun behavior' into data.
Or rather, you could, but we don't have data like that.
(or at least not where we're looking) So the argument was kind of useless anyways, even with his illusion of 'evidence'.
That's exactly what an insane person pointing a gun at his daughter would say.
i did this a few months ago.
nothing beats the panic cycle.
So, reddit sex?
I've done this so.
many.
times.
Pretty sure that's how most porn's start.
The smirks were the them internally saying yes.
Two days?
I would have taken the next bus back to get car.
But as you're sitting in the car, you're looking right at- how!?
How does that happen!?
I know what you mean.
Deep down I knew better.
It was a moment of "fuck-I'm-hungry-need-this-Ramen-now-don't-have-time-for-stovetop," and that's how the saucepan ended up in the microwave.
THE END.
Yeah I found it pretty funny.
it's a hard knock life
The only way I can lock my doors is to use the key.
Even sitting inside I can't lock the doors.
We were drinking at the lake.
Met up with some fun ladies and got a little distracted.
Then as we were loading up our stuff, I had an armful of supplies and put the laptop on the hood so I could open the door.
Our new acquaintances drove by on their way out.
I waved, and suddenly thought "hold on, they didn't even clean up all their shit off the beach." I couldnt believe it.
They'd left a pile of trash on the beach.
Just threw it all under the bushes.
So we cleaned it all up and threw it away.
So then we're headed down the road at about 45 mph and I see this bird/bat thing fly past the sun roof.
I jerk my head and yell "WTF was that!" Then, slow motion facepalm.
see it from the front seat.
It was a mercedes SUV with a blunt nose.
Almost like a minivan.
How were you eventually found?
The vanilla ones are so damn good.
You did't do a very good job then.
, I would if it was anywhere but on my face.
I have a very recogniseable forehead...
And I'm impressed that you just erased my past, can you erase the last 7 years of my life pls?
It was the first time I broke out my PK earplugs.
fall asleep watching porn
On prom night, a friend of mine left her wallet on the roof of my buddy's car.
she realizes she's missing her wallet, with her cash, debit card, ID, cell phone, etc.
Once we get to the prom, they're checking everyone's school IDs at the door.
, we met up with one of our teachers who is very down to earth and vouched for her, without even really knowing who she was.
The night ends on a positive note, but it goes without saying it was a pain in the ass trying to get all of the stuff she lost back in order.
I feel your pain.
A bullet train in Japan?
There is NO WAY you would had been left onboard the train, they are swept by conducters/train personnel to make sure they are empty after arriving at their final destinations.
Source=Rode bullet trains in Japan and lived in Japan for 3 years.
The second one's fine.
What's the point of the first one?
Haha thats why OP's post belongs in TIFU
When I was subscribed to First world problems, whenever a post would show up on my front page, i would click it expecting it to be a link to a picture from funny or pics.
When it turned out that it was just a self post from fwp with no other interesting content, I would just get annoyed.
So I guess the point is to separate it from other posts on your front page.
Does that make any sense, or should we scrap that rule?
That makes sense.
What's wrong with that?
Both of them?
is surreptitiously bawler.
Thats exactly what a nosey motherfucker does, whine instead of act.
Are you saying cops should carry assault rifles?
the cops on someone isn't considered acting on the situation?
Who do you think someone's more willing to shoot, their own daughter, or a random stranger that they have no sympathy for, barging into their home?
I don't wanna get shot.
I have a life to live.
And as for being nosy, I was in my house playing my fucking violin when I heard screams.
deserve attention.
Have them on them.
No.
Have one readily available.
Yes.
That way if a situation comes up they are at least ready and can maybe save lives.
I had a stoner friend who got pulled over by a four-way stop.
He went through the intersection, looked in the mirror, and saw a flashing red light.
He panicked, pulled over onto a sidewalk, and frantically tried to get his registration and insurance card out.
He finally looked back...
and there was no cop.
Just a flashing red street light.
Just as a note regarding point #1, ( has an option to tag posts from any subreddit.
That being said, I agree that having people tag their posts is a good idea.
I'm stuck on IE7 at work and can't use RES there.
Where were they?
when my phone fell out of my pocket as I was putting my jeans in my gym bag the key must have fallen out as well and went underneath the stall.
I remembered to pickup my 700 dollar phone but not the keys to the 2000 dollar rental car.
same thing thing happened to me while stoned.
I had no idea how long i was sitting there but when i realized it there were people behind me.
yikes
For some reason this one broke me up.
Thanks for the laugh.
There's something wring with you if these aren't once in a while brain farts.
No, seriously.
Well, that failed.
I did this.
Just put your street clothes back on and walk back to the door.
If someone sees you and thinks that's you're an idiot, well, we are.
My roommate was there and had a good laugh.
I don't mind entertaining.
Son of a bitch!
I can't imagine you father was too thrilled
Sorry, but this must have been hilarious to watch!
your school has parking lot shuttles?
We hardly even have parking lots!
I suggest a new rule!
There should be some shock criteria to the posts.
I.e.
i put my shoes on before my socks
That's lame, and just something I pulled out of my ass.
You get the idea.
The cop that left his gun in the bathroom was great.
There's shock factor, and he actually fucked up.
It was related because we've all had to hustle somewhere and forgotten something.
I have a good example from a few years back:
We're moving shit out of a house and into a truck.
The truck is partially blocking the stairs so i hopped in to back it up 5 feet.
Just nudge it out of the way.
I didn't see the $10,000 glass, triangularly thing behind the truck.
I lucked out and went on "probation." Which just means if you fuck up again you're fired.
Edit: There should be a moment of realization where your only thought is, "fuck.
.", and the terror that subsequently runs through you.
The cop reaching at is holster, or me hearing that glass shatter and fall to the ground.
I was leaving the liquor store the other night, and I walked right into a person who I thought had been my reflection on the sliding glass exit doors.
If enough people want this we can add it, but just remember good sir, that you do have the magical down vote to do your own moderating.
I've done this.
Socks and glasses.
should have told him it was opposite day.
I just found this sub tonight, and that's what I was doing as I went through the pages.
I noticed a trend in my voting and added my 2c.
I'm looking forward to this betting bigger and forming a personality.
The formation of a personality is something I am really looking forward to.
And as this gets going, I have a feeling that posts will gradually shift in in a more interesting direction.
If not, we can always add the rule.
Thanks for the suggestion, and of course thank you for helping us get this going.
I really appreciate it.
i think naturally the best posts will get upvoted, and i don't think at this point we should restrict the content that way.
if the community is in agreement with you, then those type of posts will get upvoted anyway without need for a rule that could be so subjective.
thanks for the idea though :)
Nicely put.
It is early, and time should sort it out.
I know that feel bro.
Now replace dog with cat and the next sentence with awkward silence and me screaming in agony with claw marks on my face.
I can see that I was a little short sighted after the feedback.
I wish I could post something, but I didn't fuck anything up "today", and posting prior experiences would be out of the nature of the sub.
moth-1
you-0
there is no second round
His anger levels were rather high, he was nearly at the point of beating the crap out of me with a jack handle.
I'm no masochist, but I find fun in doing something to myself I can't normally do.
You punched yourself harder than normal people can consciously do.
You got to experience giving and receiving.
Ya at UM, we have a shuttle that goes around the school.
I just forgot to turn the wheel.
I just got a rush of all of my massive screw ups (thanks for that), but alas, I successfully completed all of my tasks "today".
Can we do a I Fucked Up Once?
example:
I'm slicing an apple with a nice, sharp knife , and I miss the apple.
I felt the knife plunge into something, and a little pinch/burn near my wrist.
I look down (yes, this happened because i wasn't paying attention), and see the handle up against my hand.
Full 3" of blade running from the side of my hand into my wrist.
Young invincible me pulls the knife out, gets the bleeding to stop, and gets away with it.
Mom found out because I couldn't clean up all the blood, but it was just a "slice".
I'm lucky to have full use of my hand and not to have hit a main line in my hand/wrist.
I don't know why but I was never bothered by the pain it gave me, just jokes and giggles it was.
I guess it is fun to experience things like this once in a while.
I can't remember the last time I laughed for an hour without a break.
Middle of Winter, fire alarms contentedly shrieking to themselves as we wait out side.
shivering dude in towel glaring daggers at a guy happily chowing down on the bacon sandwich which set off the the fire alarm...
I did this once too.
I was going to meet a client at a medical building to do some network setup.
The doors to the building were locked so I picked up my phone to call them.
Just as I was dialing I looked up and saw a car pull up right before the turn in to the underground parking lot.
they had a similar car, I approached, reached for the back door (As I was carrying a few boxes and wanted to put them down).
Just as a was about to pull the handle the car pulled away, almost burning out, down the street.
In embarrassment I hurried around the corner of the building to hide.
When I returned a few minutes later the car was parked at the security booth and a woman was speaking to the security guard.
Worst.
Ever.
TL;DR - Almost hijacked a woman's car armed with a router.
i winced.
submit it as a post!
you know what, maybe we should have two acronyms that serve as prefaces: TIFU, or OIFU (once i fucked up, or it could be OTIFU (one time i fucked up)).
This morning I went to make meat balls.
I put the plate of meat balls in the fridge, and placed the empty package in the microwave.
This isn't the bullet train in Japan.
It's the from San Jose to San
China has bullet trains too...
just saying.
Haha your fine man, if anything my response sounded a little critical when it wasn't supposed to be.
And as for not having anything to post?
That's kind of a good problem to have isn't it?
to a police report, one of the maintenance crews sent to do clean-up found me sprawled out on the train floor.
Or maybe "IFU a month ago," or "IFU yesterday," etc.
I'm having a first world problem?
I fuck up a lot, and I want to post to reddit, but nothing went wrong today.
Sad face.
that's an even better idea.
In my opinion, this is barely a fuck-up.
I mean, it was just so blatant of a pwning.
I've cleaned my foot up, but I seriously can't help but think that that entire scenario was meant to be.
Like, if I hadn't done all of that juuust right, some planet somewhere off in the infinite depths of space would have been sucked into a black hole or something.
Makes me feel better about stupid I was right there.
Did you at least buy him dinner?
It's not that bad.
Our bodies have built in pain meds.
IFU as a teenager?
That's here the knife story comes from.
It gives it context.
i like it.
Edit I suppose IFU as a teenager would be the premise of most stories
I bet he raped you first
Should of took one for him and rubbed your own nose in it
Has been for several years.
Bitch deserved it.
I just imagine Mr.
Bean waking up and freaking out pulling at the emergency lever and such
He probably didn't even have you sleep on the couch.
Why can't women be more like dogs.
No such thing as a bad boner.
thats what your mom gets for spending 5g for a piece of carpet to walk on.
now be honest, did you smell your finger afterwards?
I thought women liked it when you do stuff like that.
A year or so, i would have been completely outraged by this statement.
But truthfully i pretty much agree with you now, however, even still who would care if he wasted some bud light vs newcastle?
Not all of us allow that.
Me too, but the lot closes after 6pm.
Ahhh now I get it lol.
I have a rule.
Since this is an all text sub, people shouldn't put NSFW.
[ you made me remember this](
Wait, did you try to smack with a finger out?
I would have open palmed that shit.
No shit, right?
How sheltered do you have to be to put metal in the microwave as a freshman in college?
rather than it being a fuck up, you should have turned that into fuck down, if you know what i mean.
I lost the keys to my rental car while parked under the air traffic control tower at Cape shuttle landing facility.
Never found them and had to to have the car towed.
So wait, you were watching your roommate masturbate to Skype?
I came here expecting pictures.
Don't know what I was thinking.
I subscribed to this subreddit before it was popular.
booo
I did that once, it felt so wrong
You dun fucked up, i'd say.
I do this sort of thing regularly so I lie to myself about when I need to be up.
We have seperate rooms,
he was in his, i was in mine,
the fart was so loud, she heard it from his room.
The agreement was to and i quote "please,shut the fuck up, and don't move"
Fart so loud, heard from his room.
I KNOW, RIGHT?!
Going to simultaneously piggyback off the top comment and reply directly to you.
You don't need a rules list - just "start all posts with TIFU".
The second can be forced through the subreddit options.
Bud light isn't even beer.
a reddit alien wearing socks in the shower, looking down at his feet disdainfully?
I think he probably tried to cup it.
The three stooges would be proud.
I like this in spite of how hard it'll be to make look right.
This is true
Ha, riiight.
This reminds me of my freshman roommate in college who was so addicted to WOW he would NEVER leave.
Not even for class or eating.
So I'd bring a girl home every now and then on a night and he'd just put his headphones on.
I'm probably on a weird fetish porn site somewhere.
That is...
What do you mean?
I saw him or unlikely I saw a person do this?
...or are you saying I don't live in .
Who are you?
How do you know me so well?
I agree, to call your reddit addiction a fuck up is bad.
If it were a 's brew, I'd agree, but otherwise, fuck it, it's fine.
This sounds more like material, but sure.
Just...how?
How do you punch yourself putting on a coat?
Just text, "TIUF"
I lost my keys once while working out of town and didn't find out until I got home and couldn't open the door!
I was once driving my younger brother and my cousin to the movie theatre.
I was driving and felt the need to clear my throat.
my hands on the wheel I opened my mouth and snapped a small exhale and out flew one solid chunk of phlegm that flew solidly out of my mouth and hit the windshield.
It stayed there until I could stop and wipe it off.
The one that cut my foot open wasn't.
It's brethren did a fine job of helping me forget my pain.
I did this.
Almost to a T.
I still get shit about it four years later.
I understand that I can force the community into that change.
Before making that change, however, (and it is a change), I wanted to make sure the community was on board.
good point though :)
moot point
Yes.
I'm behind you right now, watching you reading this.
Loljk.
I'm saying OP might not live in , unless I missed something obvious.
I've seen tons of posts of "I did this thing once..." which brings out a bunch of redditors going "Was that YOU!?" and then finding out nope.
It wasn't.
So I'm going to say since you ASKED about the place that OP could have been anywhere.
odds are slim.
Make sense?
Not overly presumptuous or anything?
Thanks!
Damn, that's true.
I didn't think of that.
So did you get your 'puter back?
Yeah I called campus police to go look for it.
They were unwilling and ready to write it off as gone for ever (it had been about 4 hours).
But one of the patrol guys found it lying in the parking lot looking forlorn.
I drove up the next day to get it and I'm typing this response with it write now about a year later.
Thumbs up and upvote for the word "horking"
I had one arm in my sleeve and when I wanted to put my other arm through, I held the collar to put the coat around me, it slipped and I hit myself.
It sounds ridiculous but I can't find any other way to describe it.
I was wearing a suit so I was kind of restricted.
that happened to me once...
Nobody is 100 percent unsafe with anything.
who drives a car speeds at some point.
Every person who has a gun may point it in the wrong direction or accidentally discharge it.
At the end of the day a gun is a tool.
Don't be afraid of it, respect it.
Sure people might handle it outside the boundaries of safety.
The fact remains that 99.9 percent of the owners don't have an accident.
If drivers of cars could get to that number, we wouldn't even worry about airbags and seat belts.
I was waiting for an alarm to go off saying "Time to go to the bus stop" needles to say my brother came home and I realized I skipped school for reddit.
This is exactly right.
That's why swat doesn't ride around in their truck all day.
They aren't needed on every job but when they are needed, nothing else will do.
I lurked this reddit before it was popular.
I own 4 firearms.
I have quite a lot of catching up to do with our nation's collection.
I'm not locked in any arms race.
I own them for sport and home defense.
One of Freud's assistants summarized Freud's view of people's fear of firearms as a sign of retarded sexual and emotional maturity.
It's just a tool.
PHEW
I came here to console you.
This is a relief.
Took the bus to work the next morning, forgot and drove home.
A bullet train that is not.
Doesn't that train take something like an hour?
And Europe...
One of Freud's assistants
I felt ill reading that.
I feel A LOT better reading that outcome.
I know it deviates from the original post that started it all, but what if we showed the alien wearing shoes instead of socks or somethings since it would be easier to notice?
You have to tighten that tank seal down HARD.
Or it will leak a lot.
Go back and put down some towels on the floor, turn the water back on, and TIGHTEN that sumbitch until it stops leaking.
Then dry the floor, wash your hands, and POP THAT BEER.
Reddit alien stepping on a rake, rake pole hitting it in the face.
story, and your delivery is most excellent.
Why?
fuck that shit.
Your idea of having a percentage of unsafe behavior makes no sense.
We're not talking about accidents, we're talking about being responsible with firearms.
Some guy said 99.99 percent of the population use guns in a safe way, which is a ridiculous thing to say.
You're just helping me prove my point with your 'everyone who drives a car speeds at some point' argument.
I didn't say I was afraid of guns.
I honestly don't give a fuck about guns.
The way you're thinking is like the world's just playing a giant game of .
And you're saying you just want to start another one with cars.
The best way to argue against something is to argue for it badly.
And you're doing just that.
Ah the irrevocable stench of poo steam.
a pool.
Now imagine you throw a class of students into it.
The more you know
You must use the Sham-Wow as a towel.
You've created the Towel .
It's better than stubbing your toe and yelling FUCK as loud as you can.
I created this reddit before it was popular.
Trust me, it's worth a lot less now.
It wasn't the first time something like that had happened, and our dog likes to run around a lot.
With toenails.
I travel a rather treacherous route near Boston to get to work.
Being ready for people not knowing how to navigate certain intersects has saved us a few times.
I'm just ready for someone to do something stupid at these spots.
Being unfamiliar with them is a bitch.
I like this one!
It's a classic, recognizable example.
There must be a dunkin donuts or mcdonalds nearby.
Those are my go to spots outside of rest areas.
could just go for a face palm.
I agree.
Fuck that shit.
Or not enough.
Don't worry, nobody cares or thinks you're gross.
They're too worried about themselves.
All the time.
when someone's stopped in the lane beside me, waiting to turn.
While getting ready for my first date I was putting on a necklace.
At the time I had really long hair and so, I flipped my head over to do the clasp, at which point I knocked my head off of the bed post.
I landed in my desk chair, not on purpose, and was very confused about how I had gotten there...
Got up, flipped my head again and fell on to the bed...
decided to get my mom to put on the necklace.
I had my first real kiss with my first "serious" high school boyfriend with a MASSIVE headache due to what was probably a minor concussion.
Im surely too late to be helpful but if you fill A bucket and pour it in the bowl after you do your business it will flush down without issue.
Best first kiss story ever
Your police don't carry guns?
Wait - I don't understand "I knocked my head off of the bed post"..
I do stupid shit every day, I am not a bright man.
This is still a better love story than .
They can access them if needed, and we have an Armed Squad that deals with any incident involving firearms, but these are isolated events.
But no, our officers don't carry.
(From New - sheep don't shoot anyway).
You're a fucking idiot.
bed styles have four legs that extend up past the head and foot board and end in a ball, knob, or other decorative flourish.
This leg, upon top of which the bedknob sits, is called a bedpost, and is often about 3 or 3-1/2 feet tall.
When bending over, she smacked her head against it.
she was bending over forcefully so as to whip her hair forward, she hit it rather hard.
I didn't get that until right now.
:( I'm slow.
careful.
these kind of actions may lead to your dish running away with your spoon.
I can keep changing it if you like, [but I have no idea what I'm doing.](
That sounds very much like a fat person thing.
Are you fat?
Not sure if troll or being serious...
I figured you were going to start bleeding all over the place
When you're running into first, and you feel something burst...
When you're pulling into home and your pants fill with loam...
When you're sliding past third and you you catch a whiff of turd...
Talk about having a shitty day.
When your rounding second and you feel your bowels beckon...
I went wrong when I pushed it right along.
Well ain't that some shit
When you're running from police and you feel that anal grease...
When you try to let one loose, and your shorts fill up with juice...
When you're running past short stop and feel a little plop.
I am never farting at work again.
The pants - fucking bail and go home.
NBD.
The chair is evidence you cannot discreetly burn.
I was expecting a picture :(
That's priceless!
One of the best first kiss stories I've ever heard.
One of my friends was really nervous with hers, and threw up in a garbage can moments later.
If you're climbing up a ladder and hear a juicy splatter...
You make shitting one's pants look good.
I commend you.
It didn't feel too good.
I did stealthily exchange my chair for the one in the abandoned office.
I feel bad for the dude(tte) that gets that chair after me.
poop from your pants is time consuming though.
where is shittywatercolour?
Sounds like a deep confession, so I will tell you what to do, 4Chan style.
Clip your toenails and fingernails and put them in a jar for 3 years
invite your father to your apt/house, inviting him to dinner
grind up toenails and serve spaghetti
put that white sprinkly shit or whatever on it, but it is really your toenails.
see if he finds out.
or...
"accidentally" butt-dial him and he hears you "screaming."
he comes over, worried, and finds you butt naked getting nailed by some guy
when the guy turns around, it's your brother.
that this has been going on for years, ever since you were 13
say, "Now will you answer my phone calls again?"
you made me smile!
I asked for a large cock instead of a large coke at a fast food restaurant.
The pants - fucking bail and go home.
How exactly do you go home either with shit-filled pants or without pants?
When you're lookin' at an otter and you feel that doo doo water...
:( this isn't funny...
I hope you figure out how to make things right!
squishily
I'm assuming, of course, that in this accident scenario it's more of liquid squirt than a full bore pants filling.
I'd hope that one would very quickly realize that 'this is not a fart' and cut off the pressure immediately.
When your climbing up a ladder and you feel something splatter
When your driving in the Chevy and you feel somethin heavy
shiii'.
Oh man...
do I want to know?
This is why I keep a spare change of clothes in my car.
(I have never shit myself at work, yet...)
Damn, you even got it on the seat back?
Yeah.
Yeah for the most part.
The damage was done and apparently it went through 3 layers of clothes.
I have no idea how though.
Must've used my underwear/pants as some sort of shit-filter.
Yeah, it's a good idea to do this.
There's nothing wrong with that at all, the germs up your nose are your germs, so you're already immune to them, what're you going to do?
Give yourself AIDs?
Sorry, never realised people commented.
Nope I live in and it happened a few months back.
It's really embarrassing to think I was that stupid.
What they said, in the case, the bed post was a bit taller because the bed was the bottom half of a bunk bed.
And metal.
I had a headache for weeks.
There is only one solution.
You must "accidentally" break a glass object, cutting your arm deeply.
Make sure to train the spraying blood over the stain on the chair.
If possible, make it a result of a fire in your wastebasket.
Cut your computer wires and short-circuit them.
Stick them in your waste basket before turning on the surge protector, so it will look like an electrical fire.
So, OK, then you use a vase to put out the fire, but it goes wrong somehow.
When this all happens, if you coordinate it well, no one will ever know what happened.
On top of that, you can help to marshal others out of the building in the ensuing fire alarm, while nobly holding your bleeding arm.
You will probably get a raise and no one will ever know.
Let us know how this goes!
Hahah I just moved my shit-chair to the abandoned office when no one was here.
Though there is appeal there.
There is probably some lady who will go in there with a back problem who will rest her head on the seat of the chair as some weird therapeutic thing during her break.
Hope you're happy.
all the evidence.
A little bit, yes.
ebaumsworld
Some guys too!
How...I don't even.
At least you didn't shit your pants while you set your computer on fire, so let's all be thankful.
components have gotten a lot safer in recent years.
I've set a motherboard on fire from plugging in the power supply one pin off.
Back when I worked at IBM, someone put a processor in a one pin off and it burned through the table.
what about filling with foam?
You...
forgot that you were short?
Did you lick it off?
i forgot that bike seats for normal people descend only so far, and that being five feet tall is not very good for normal people activities
The right thing to do is say sorry and slap some cash in his hand.
Dat moment of realization is a bitch.
Okay.
That all checks out.
Have some upvotes and be on your way.
Just watch for cars.
I laughed and blew snot on my monitor.
Did it catch on fire?
just marking your territory.
I fried my AX 1200 because of this...
kind of a dick move there.
not like he was having your conversation for you.
Couldn't stop laughing this entire thread
Didn't mention shitting his pants.
Didn't deny it either.
I'm curious as to why they didn't turn the water off to do this...
I had a similar story.
going on with my toilet and for some reason the pipe from the toilet goes outside the house.
I don't know who ended up cleaning it up.
The plumber fucked up, not you.
He should have shut off the main water supply, opened a hot water tap, and flushed every toilet twice before starting work.
Lazy worker deserves to be pissed on for not bothering to take two minutes to put the system in a safe state.
Toilet flushes from the tank, which would already be filled before the water is turned off, hence is still flushable.
Did this to my dad once - he was not pleased.
So, if you close the inlet valves and then flush the toilet before starting work, wouldn't that make it unflushable?
But who can be bothered with all that?
already screw you on price, you might as well get your money's worth.
He's your father, talk to him straight and say you're sorry.
But explain why you went off on him.
Sounds like both parties here need an apology from each other.
I cringed.
Tell me it went OK.
Nature
who don't enjoy a face full of piss.
Get some snap caps
You're lucky...
Get yourself some dummy rounds to 'practice' cycling...
obligatory CLIIIPS
and definitely invest in some snap caps.
But good on you for sharing your story!
What model pistol?
Also, what do you mean by handle safety?
[ the grip safety on a 1911 or a XD.](
Yes, but OP had already mentioned grip safety in the same sentence, which makes me think he is referring to something else.
, his image was of a glock and anybody who's fired more than a couple of magazines knows what a stovepipe is.
Am confused.
One hundred thousand times (
Gotta be an XD.
I fried a MB and a SIMM by not realizing I had cut my finger and bled on the contacts before installing the SIMM.
That was a nice smell.
Sounds like you're a bit too uptight about your privacy.
I'd feel terrible if I was in your situation, especially upon seeing my dad leave sad.
It would pretty much kill me inside until I set it right.
Even then, it would take awhile for me to get over my actions.
AHAHAHAHAHAHA
I FUCKING TOLD YOU SO
My apologies.
The example was just of stove piping.
My pistol is a 9mm XD (other than the guncoat build up is a phenomenal gun)
The grip safety I speak of works with an advance trigger safety to prevent unintentional firring...
but I found a way.
you have a solid point there sir
on my list.
but for now I just won't derp.
I have an XDm, but I am not sure how this would have happened; you must have really yanked on it.
Were you holding in your strong or weak hand?
Haha, finally an example to shut people up that say its impossible, I know you've been waiting for this day.
Told who what?
Don't you normally argue that it might prevent the gun from firing when you want it to?
I r confused.
Time to buy new knives.
It's like playing every time you eat dinner!
I spy with my little eye "Clips" instead of .
Get laid.
solved.
gum's
You shave your arms??
Hey hey now, let's look at it from her side.
Sure, not throwing the knife away afterwards is disgusting, but that shit's a serious digestive problem!
Tell her to go to Ingle's and get some triple magnesium complex tablets and gulp those bitches down with some muthafuckin' water!
Man, that sounds shitty.
Time to have an ex over for dinner.
This kills the roommate.
Well, you're just going to have to move.
DO NOT THROW IT IN THE FIRE!
her left over shit will turn into deadly fumes!
"She"
gained
Like buttah.
Butt buttah.
Yes, but I also reference the cat incident.
Hell, in this case the grip safety caused the discharge.
The HS2000's grip safety is particularly stupid because it prevents the entire action from cycling.
At least the 1911 has a grip safety done "right".
Don't forget the bleach.
I would go get a gallon of bleach, fill some sort of pan, and put ALL your silverware in it.
Then wash them with hot water.
You're not the first to F' up like that.
Mine was a 38-55 into a concrete floor.
It left a smoking hole in the carpet, and bits of concrete and lead in the ceiling.
it will be your last.
I'm glad everyone is O.K.
and yes, get some snap caps.
Sounds good!
Ah...relatively speaking, anyway.
Been there, done that.
It was very hard, I had to kind of saw through it.
It was kind of like a mini biology experiment.
Is that something I could put on my resume?
YOU BROKE RULE NUMBER ONE o.O
Yes, it works like a race card, you can use it to successfully apply to any job you're not qualified for, up to and including of the United States.
This may be a bit of a stupid question, but why did she simply not use the toilet brush as a rotating flail of fecal devastation and break it up that way?
Dude.
Don't push so hard.
If you have to push that hard that means that there is a plug o' shit aburstin' through
I love the smell of burning human blood, not so sure about burning electronics though.
so does the chemical degreaser work on vomit?
professional golden shower.
When you're sitting on the john, and the toilet paper's gone...
farting pro-tip right there
YOU'RE TOTALLY BREAKING RULE 1.
Which means...
OMG.
You're rigging the contest and ensuring victory for yourself!
Well it was a very clean vomit, if that's what you're asking.
I not understand...
do you mean creating this award was the Fuck-up of the week?
But that means it wins Fuck-up Of The Week...
But that means it's not a fuck-up...
But that means the Fuck-up Of The Week award was given to the wrong person...
Which might make it the Fuck-up Of The Week!
But then it SHOULD get the award...
But then it's not the Fuck-up Of The Week...
error error errorrr BBBZZZTTT
Yeah, the combination is not olfactorily pleasing either.
I meant they fucked up by not starting their post with TIFU, which breaks Rule 1 (and Rule 2, actually).
But your comment was fun to read, and most of it still applies.
LACK OF MANDARIN.
ARGUMENT NULLIFIED.
BBZZZTTT...
huh?
where am i...
Pic?
At least they aren't in a vagina.
Where's POTATOINMYANUS when you need him?
Ahhh
It's March the Tenth, 2012.
You're trapped inside a computer of someone browsing reddit.
Try and block the tubes the cats are coming from, it might help you escape.
No.
But if you did put it on your resume, you might win again the following week.
Or anus.
This sounds fantastic.
I will have to vomit in chemical degreaser next time.
Here is what you need to do.
1: Grow a beard, hold a staff, and put on wizard robes.
2: Put potatoes in fridge while saying "You shall not pass!"
3: do this daily and watch as your potatoes do not turn black.
6: profit.
7: realize I skipped 5.
8: realize I actually skipped 4.
I wouldn't suggest it, that was the single worst thing that I've ever accidentally ingested, I'd prefer to get a mouthful of motor oil when changing the oil again.
They became something so much worse than rotten :(
duuudee...
rookie mistake.
you NEVER install any windows version until it's been out for at least 4 months.
Maybe he just likes watersports?
machine dude...
I would remove the "the" in the title.
Give it more zazz.
or just use a partition.
vm would be easier though.
don't like it just delete : P
I usually wait at least a year.
forever a rookie...will remember that from now on.
thanks for the advice:)
wrong with trying it out, but you don't get rid of your current version of to do so.
That's just silly.
Yes, I hate body hair.
it...
what...
So how'd that turn out?
Stop eating/drinking water as well.
The shade had the jailer put drugs in it.
will be there to get you out soon.
Or penis.
hahaha I realize that now...
and i thought locking myself out of my dorm room sucked.
I went back to playing with the dogs, and it started raining.
A neighbor came out of their house, so I asked to borrow their phone.
I had to get one of the owners to drive an hour to let me back into their house.
Oh, I've done that plenty of times too.
I got hit by a pedal bike once.
I was walking down the sidewalk of a hill, and a lady on a bicycle came barreling down it, all she yelled was "ON YOUR LEFT" and then I of course moved to the left.
To be fair to me, the left side was a field and the right side was the road.
Anyway, I got hit, and had scraped hands and knees for about a week.
Once while I was housesitting I spent a whole day looking for my key to the house.
I had to have it before I left and I was panicking.
I finally gave up and just left planning to keep the door unlocked and chancing it while I got some much-needed groceries.
When I got back, I realised the key was still in the lock from the night before when I came in...
is your friend.
Clone your disk before you make big changes.
Don't feel bad, I pulled one just as bad last year.
I was housesitting/dogsitting for my mother in law last year.
She happens to be my neighbor and landlord (long story).
out the day I would run next door to check on my pets, but most of my time was at her place.
On one of my visits home I set my keys down on the table, loved up my pets and locked the door behind me.
my keys.
My poor pup was going to have to go outside sometime, so I called my mother in law for her advice as my landlord.
I mentioned that I left the bedroom window open.
She told me to cut the screen and crawl in.
It's a low window on the outside because of the porch, but a high window on the inside.
Did I mention I'm fat?
5 humiliating minutes later I grabbed my keys and didn't let them go the rest of the time I was housesitting.
Also, it took her 6+ months to replace the screen.
aaarrrgh, scraped hands are the worst.
i know that feel, bro.
I have done that while staying at my sister's house.
I had her key with my car keys, so when I wanted to leave again, I was panicking because I couldn't find my car keys.
Found them sticking out of the front door.
Did you worry that the other neighbors would see you and call the cops thinking you were breaking in?
that window is on the side of the house that faces my mother in law's place.
I just felt like and idiot.
And wiggling through the window/half falling into the house didn't do much for my self esteem.
Plus I hated to interrupt my mother in law, she was in to see her middle child graduate with a PhD.
Try rookie mistake: When microsoft tries something new, you stay on the older version until the next version comes out.
3.0 Crap
3.1 Good
ME, Crap
XP, Good.
Vista.
Crap.
7, Good.
8 Crap.
9, Good
I think the only version that didn't follow this was 95/98/98se.
Crap/Crap/Less crap in this case.
Do you need to level up your lockpicking or is it easy?
If you want to go opening doors on a university or corporate campus, it's a different story.
Still, there's a pretty high rate of return for the small amount of effort of learning a little lock picking.
It comes up a lot more than you'd expect.
If it's any consolation, there have to be SOME people using new-windows for them to find/fix bugs...
You forgot windows 2000, which was best (and last good).
XP was shittier than windows 2000 (YAY BLOAT), then came the ABSOLUTE HORSESHIT that was Vista user interface designs (?!
What?!).
Bloat.
Bloat bloat bloat bloat.
7 "streamlined" Vista, yet cut all backward compatibility that Vista had and FORCED you to stick with the Aero interface (or get a broken remix of the old one).
7 is the worst OS I have ever used, and I have experimentally attempted to use most of them.
Fuck, I'd prefer BeOS remixes to 7.
This INCLUDES the developers.(AGAIN: HYPERLINKS?
AS BUTTONS?!)
I did this once.
I got very drunk at a bar in the early afternoon.
I went out to my buddy's car and slept for a while in the passenger seat.
Woke up a while later, still drunk, with an URGENT need to piss.
In my drunkenness, I could not find the door lock and decided I must need the keys to unlock it, but I didn't have them.
I remember being extremely angry at this point.
I was frantically beating at the door, screaming and rocking and bouncing the car and was about to break the window to get out.
It was still light out, and a bunch of people on the bar patio were watching this happen.
went and got my friend and he came and let me out of the car before I broke the window or pissed myself.
It's meta fucked up!
Yeah I realized that too late.
my ass is going to explode
Well, at least you didn't use a ceramic plate, which I did, once..
That was a fun surprise.
to.
It reeked of...
I dunno, something that smells bad.
Use your imagination.
Kind of bland.
It burned my tongue, so I stopped trying to eat it after the melted plastic coated it.
Mother of god, did it explode?
When I was little, I would sometimes "play" by closing my foreskin and peeing until the "bubble" was full.
But letting go without getting pee everywhere was tricky since the pressure inside was so high.
Yep.
I just told the internet that.
this is BRILLIANT.
Ouch bro, that's a rough one.
Did you puke on your swordsman?
not, I managed to keep my self clear then made an attempt to clean the piss up so it was a bit less embarrassing.
Yeah, it broke in half in a neat circle pattern and a whole bunch of tiny shards flew off..
That is rough.
I was sick with the flu once and did this.
Only I was wearing sweatpants and when I vomited the sweatpants flipped back up (I am a guy) and I pissed my pants while puking.
Was quite the scene...
The only important question.
Last year I got really bad food poisoning, and woke up desperately needing to shit at my girlfriend's place.
I was feeling pretty queasy as well, so luckily I had the foresight to take a bucket with me to the toilet.
Sit down, epic liquid shitting.
through I started hurling, big time.
Good thing I brought the bucket with me or it would have been reeeally bad.
I did love win2k, to be sure.
But the win7 start menu is the best iteration of the start menu yet.
Once I got used to it, the search-focused functionality really won me over.
2000 Pro was actually never released as a home operating system.
It was four different versions, the first of which for corporate workstations, and the last 3 for servers.
Same reason I didn't include NT 4.0/5.0/5.1 and any of the Server 200x/200x R2
7 does have its flaws.
I actually mostly like their UI design (minus the ribbon crap).
I guess I use enough keybaord shortcuts though, if you didn't know most of them it would be more difficult
rusty glasses.
nice
I've done this.
times.
The funny thing is you haven't realized that its "search focused" nature was giving up.
The "start menu" was always a failure of design, and in windows 7 they just made it even more of a failure.
The only way to NAVIGATE the damn thing is through the "search" function - or by replacing it altogether as I have done on numerous occasions.
are my friend.
Your frames shouldn't be rusting after something like this.
Hell, if they're rusting at all, you're buying some really shitty glasses.
Every single time I see win2k mentioned I see this factoid and it's starting to wear on my patience.
I am pretty sure I can say, comfortably, that WE KNOW ALREADY.
Or the opposite of this, I'm pretty much blind and a couple of times I haven't realized that I am wearing neither until I get in the car and try to drive.
If faster and easier is the pinnacle of failure, then I guess I'll take it.
Also, it is not the "only way to NAVIGATE", just usually the easiest.
You seem to misunderstand me.
If searching your start menu is easier than browsing it, then you shouldn't even have a start menu at all.
it is even more difficult than the previous version due to visual clutter, which ultimately contributes to it being easier to use the "search" feature.
If you want to make an argument to "faster and easier", then hotkey all of the things.
It may be the "QED" to "faster and easier" if you have a good memory, but hotkeys are not the point of visual user interfaces.
As a user interface, the start menu is a failure.
"What's going on!?
in here looks too...
clear?"
Yeah, the stuff that comes out of your skin will probably rust metals much quicker than a shower
That's what you get for drinking on a monday.
YOU ARE NOT OLD ENOUGH FOR REDDIT.
GO AWAY.
against you personally, bro.
He's right.
You're young, you still have a chance at a normal life, don't stay in this place.
OP should get out while there's still time.
Before he starts talking in memes to everyone and can't hold a normal conversation without thinking "UMADBRO?"
My vision is still blurry - did this really get 49 upvotes?!
used items are anchored to the main menu.
That's generally pretty useful, although the automation of it can be a bit frustrating on occasion.
I don't have the greatest memory, but I don't have much trouble remembering the name of the program I want to run.
Maybe it's just because I'm accustomed to a CLI.
You may assert that it is "failure," but compared to what?
How has it failed?
Failed to what?
You can just say that you hate it.
are fun.
I refuse to commit to such a pointless task when the answers are available to anyone with a modicum of intellect.
This discussion is done.
She is right.
Just like a woman to point that out.
You'll also become a misogynist, even if you have a hoo-ha.
GO NOW.
Or putting a contact in, putting your glasses back on and wondering why things are so blurry.
LMAO
This is the internet.
There are no women here except for in porn.
Oh give me a break...
Don't be such a fucking baby.
...Just ow.
=/ Tough break man, better luck next time.
Well played sir/madam!
Sadly enough, I have done this.
Left a nice red mark up the middle of my face.
I realized I was playing too much WoW when I showed up to class one morning and placed my fingers on the homerow of WoW players...
qwer for the left hand and right hand on the mouse.
Don't lose hope!
You're already great, keep getting better and then pause a second before you go in just to show you're that damn good.
Are...
are you serious?
Are you gonna be okay living alone!?
Nope.
Ew
double check she doesn't have a tampon stuck up there if it smelled bad.
Toxic shock kills in days, and it should just smell like pussy, blood, and estrogen.
dafuq
This time it wasn't a random factoid though, he was explaining to the post above him why he left win2k out of his original reply.
Woke up wearing my watch
It reeked of food.
When I was in middle school, one of my teachers used to bring in food every day for lunch.
like burnt plastic.
I remember how it smelled when my mom did the same thing you just did a few days ago.
Why is that guy everywhere?
I hate coffee unless I make it saturated with sugar.
I was at a hotel recently that gives free coffee in the morning, so I took some (yes, you guessed it) decaf and tore open about 5 packs of sugar.
Then added 4 things of creamer.
we're still alive.
I always said foam.
This loam business is a disgrace.
LMFAO.Why didnt she throw the knife out.Last thing i wanna know is she did that shit while im eating french toast at her place.
perfect way to handle an awkward situation
At least you're honest.
It's like the 24-hour flu, only .
Just look him in the eye and don't back down.
HEHE!
Yes I also like sugar but six tea spoons is way too much for me.
don't black down
FTFY
Not even then.
just dont do this...
overdoing your point of discussed
As a former runner, I know that feel man.
But good job on your time!
The 400 is one of the hardest races in my opinion.
on your face happens; running isn't a pretty sport.
Just keep at it!
I have 24/7 access to the office, but apparently the cleaning crew found the chair and cleaned it.
My hats are off to them.
When you're walking down the hall and you feel something fall...
I think the bigger question is why do you have shitty, semen stained underwear?
I can understand sweat, but shitty?
The.
Fuck.
Making a present for his mum.
I just snorted my coffee
so you are saying you have big bewbs,
I've fallen asleep and woken up like 15 minutes later...how did I not fall over?
did that, im talkin from that hook in the pipe up onto the front of the bowl above the water line, was really proud of that one.
anyways, i accidently forgot to flush and had left the house at like 7 to go to school.
My roommate, a good chick friend of mine, calls me at like 3 in the afternoon and tells me theres the biggest shit sees ever seen in the toilet and it wont flush.
had to cut it in like 4 pieces.
Butter knife FTW
I just imagined the scent and damn near threw up.
My little brother tried to set a timer on the microwave...
he microwaved a plate, it literally caught fire...
Melted a hole straight through the center...
buy new underwear?
Why is your underwear shitty and semen stained?
That's kinda fucked up.
Let me just say, this post is the reason I will be subscribing to TIFU.
Thank you for making my day.
:) This is exactly like something I would've done in my completely-fucking-socially-awkward years.
LE ASK A LE 12 YEAR OLD LE ANYTHING AMA
And I'm out of this subreddit...
The optional text there truly made this post, for the record;)
This sounds like stuff I do when I'm not high, though.
the milk in the cabinet, throwing away my spoon and keeping the empty yogurt container in my hand.
True story.
haha.
Why the fuck do you keep underwear in a bag?
Repeat after me, Jury .
They will boot you out so fast you will forget how you got there.
I laughed so fucking hard that this oh my god.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I love you.
Your username is more than relevant.
Reddit needs a NSFD tag - not safe for dinner
Am I the only one who, after cumming or shitting in my underwear, throws them away?
So how does this work?
Should it just be casually mentioned or is it necessary to say that I support it/strongly believe in it/whatever?
I don't think the problem lies within me storing shitty, sweaty, semen stained underwear in a bag.
But within the way I have been folding the bag.
I believe folding the bag above my head should solve this problem.
pending.
I'm not sure exactly.
But I do know that judges and prosecutors fucking hate the very mention of it.
, I'm glad you laug-
Looks at username
I DON'T KNOW IF IT'S A JOKE OR NOT!!!
How is that a bullet train?
The only high speed rail in the USA is on the east coast and it's not even close to being like the definition of the bullet trains.
I did this once...
makin pancakes, spread the butter on the pan, turns out its ice cream...
I don't know how i mistook one for the other...
You cum and shit in your pants every day?
's not right.
I'M WHITE.
GOD DAMNIT.
One does not just turn white all of a sudden.
Haha, well your the cop.
I think I need another TIFU..
Went forward with my investigation and held the bag over my head.
I didn't get any shit-air in my face.
But liquid dripped out of the bottom onto my face.
I'm going to hope is was just ocean water from wet boxers and not other stuff.
It was warm.
Lawyer here.
, the potential jurors are typically asked whether they will follow the law as provided by the judge.
Were you to mention jury nullification then (or describe it), there's a good chance you'd get kicked off for cause.
Judge: Are you willing to follow the law whether you agree with it or not?
You: I believe that every juror has the right, and maybe even the obligation, to disregard the law where it is being applied unjustly.
Result: You'll likely be dismissed from the jury pool.
Eat failure.
Shit success.
Is there any risk in saying you'll follow the law but still nullifying if the law is unjust?
I'm calling fakesies on this one!
how did you just stand there stunned?
i do this by accident all the time, yet i manage to correct it mid stream.
also pull the foreskin back when pissing helps.
This is usually how I do it [
Civic duty, breh, nothing FU about that.
to wikipedia:
Top speed79 mph (127 km/h)
not a bullet train by any definition...
pretty slow for an intercity train.
what's your major and what did you tell him your major was?
I wish there was a 'Not Safe To Read' tag...UGH!
Title of post manifested disgusting imagery and i'm not happy about it.
I couldn't be further from ...
I just use 'breh' because it sounds funny in my head.
socially awkward penguin
I WANT ONE
i cant be bothered to get tissues sometimes so just cum into my foreskin hold it there til i tget to the toilet then let it out
My dogs pissed on the christmas tree and presents once.
Are you my dog?
I hope you didnt have those fuzzy toilet lid covers
Option one definitely.
I think the second one is intended for the ad in , not as a logo for tifu
Ah fair enough.
my bad
I can see that happening on some instances.
Like, when I was a freshman, I changed from engineering to physics, and they're both science and math heavy, so I can imagine it happening in a situation like that.
But, if it was like construction management instead of biology, I'd be more than a little skeptical.
The first one all the way
Option 1, but even then I would rather see new ones.
I'm not good with photoshop, but heres a suggestion if anyone wants a go.
E: Anyone?
this thread is useless without pics
haa ive done this :p once i just shaved the front of my leg and realised when i had got out the shower
same.
I would like to see a whole thread of submissions of logos, and then a community vote.
Make Vodka
right so, i thought id chip in here with the first post to (Today I Fucked Up)
im trying to be polite, but he does'nt understand english.
i make it as clear as i can to him that he hasnt won, but ofcorse he throws a shit fit, soemthing about discrimination this, racist that, etc.
you know the usual bull.
in the end my team leader had to get involved because i was gunna put my fist through his face.
Today you fucked up because reply=/post?
I agree, except maybe move the "TIFU" so it doesn't cover the pipe...
that aggravates me for some reason
I like his little change to it!
clears things up a lot.
For an ad it looks great.
Now, discreetly leave your shitty pants in the abandoned office and pray.
worth it though right?
That is one of the coolest experiences ever.
Thank God it's only temporary though!
Option 1.
Very, very little risk.
I personally like option one
Pain and self-disgust ensued.
hell.
I just gagged.
As a man who sleeps/lives with his girlfriend, it is absolutely terrifying when my arm falls asleep when she sleeps on it.
I always feel like its going to break or dislocated without me knowing when I try and remove it.
Weird.
My wife and I have exchanged mid-night punches to the face through this phenomenon over the last few years...
She rolled over once when her arm was asleep and caught me in the eye (not the area of my face surrounding it, directly into my eye) with the point of her elbow.
Not and enjoyable way to be ripped from a deep sleep.
I've done this before.
Arms are surprisingly heavy.
Why do none of you people ever post the fucking outcomes?
I WANT CLOSER GOD DAMN IT!
my "almost black eye" stories are something like:
I like #1 better, but what about something like the reddit alien tilting back a cup of coffee except that it's pouring all over his chest instead of in its mouth
THIS HURTS YOU.
lol you and your trick shoulder xD
Nice reference.
First thing I thought of.
I usually push my glasses up by the bridge, so when I don't have them on (rare), I commonly end up poking myself in the eye.
dude...
I'm disappointed in you.
Yes - I find myself adjusting ghost glasses all the time.
Try to change it to a "just smoothing my hair" motion before anyone notices.
A colleague of mine slept on his arm and tried to answer his phone in the morning.
it right in his face.
How many faces does a faceplant grow?
Any care instructions?
I face planted off my porch onto my driveway, three weeks ago.
It was 6am in the morning, so no I was not drunk, just clumsy.
I smashed my two front teeth, one that got stuck in my upper palate behind where the tooth used to be rooted.
I broke my nose, received two black eyes, scraped up my face, one hand and one knee.
I still have scars on my face from it.
So I feel your pain.
Did that just yesterday.
In front of a police station, with a cop car behind me.
option 1
And you can have one, for the low low price of $7.30.
And waiting a month for it to ship from China.
DAMN YOU.
Well, not sleeping today.
to ()
Bingo!
you win a cookie
Also im a condesending prick :3
haha a twix
Mmmm...
Bear Grylls reference.
This is my favorite subreddit
"Did you know he got fired from ?" comment.
what we have here is a gentleman whos sexual fetish is to poop his pants.
upvote for 'micturation'
That rug really tied the room together .
Skyrim taught me how to pick a lock.
Option one..
Its fucked up!!
what does IFUO mean?
I Fucked Up...?
hahaha, this made me laugh so hard.
I love your phrasing.
Your associations are a little of of order there; WinME was an evolution of Win98.
WinXP was the successor of if we're talking about under the hood.
The smell of rotten potatoes is absolutely revolting.
Might want to get a hazmat suit just in case.
I don't know why but reading this caused me to laugh hysterically.
[This sounds like the Always Sunny In episode where they try to go to the Grand Canyon.](
That's called consolidation!
I've heard of pissing away your sobriety, but it sounds like you pissed it right back again.
"Oh freddled gruntbuggly/thy micturations are to me/As plurdled gabbleblotchits on a lurgid bee."
::picks nose::
Life pro tip (stoner version): Never speak explicitly over the phone.
In this instance all you had to do is just say, "yeah that sounds good I'll be there around ".
Simple stuff but it'll keep you out of a lot of trouble.
tl;dr - never speak explicitly about any extra curricular activity.
My parents LOVE trotting out the story of when I was 6, sleepwalking, and they had company over visiting.
, I allegedly walked over to the cupboard where we kept all of the pots and pans, opened it up, pissed in it, closed it, made a FLUSHING NOISE, and went back to bed.
I heard a similar story about a closet, like someone opened the door and just pissed into it.
Man, there sure are a lot of 'I pissed on x' posts lately.
I wonder if there was some kind of recent holiday where large amounts of people were drinking.
Hmmm maybe St. Day?
fuckin BKs
, not closer.
Well it caught me off guard I hadn't unlocked the doors yet and it's the first time in 3 years he had come in on a weekend.
When I was 7 I was, according to my parents, sleep walking one night and apparently peed in the fridge then went back to bed.
All I remember is the 'wtf?' look they gave me when I got up in the morning.
I just checked this in Chrome, , and .
It doesn't block any titles on my computer.
I went all thiscantbeserious and then seen the pink eye part and lmao.
, just wow.
Good job.
I haven't seen this in any browser, but I will move it up above the header for you.
Wouldn't that be
TMIFU?
A TL;DR for 4 lines?
If they can't read 4 lines, then why are they even in this subreddit?
Why a TL;DR for 5 lines?
If your going to throw it in your face why not just piss on the floor and lay in it?
for a week...
You may pass.
This is several days old.
This is dead.
I was asking you a question
sleep in the car
this happens to me every month or so, your not alone.
So go buy one in .
I dunno, some people are lazy.
tl;dr - some people are lazy.
thank you
man that sucks!
i love my b-12.
lololololol
, that B-12 stuff is a scam.
You pee out what you don't already get from your daily foodery eatin'.
I was hoping that it was a she.
I KNEW that females pooped!
You drove 20 hours?
I have no idea why you'd need to go so far.
I pitch a tent at home right in my own bed all the time.
I will shoot you in the knee.
With a bullet.
It was a coastal roadtrip.
We just wanted to get far away from our shitty town.
I would guess that you couldn't help it.
Just like the guy we invited to dinner.
his dad with him.
Dad did that in our bathroom.
Said nothing.
Left.
(no TL;DR)
HAHAHAHHAHA, WHAT?!
Oh shi-
I think it's because...
fuck it, I don't want to come up with an excuse.
People are lazy.
That reminds me of that old joke,
i was like 8 and pissed on the actual stairs.
(hardwood so it didnt soak in).
i wasnt sleep walking, i just "wanted to see the waterfalls it would make"
(sort of) relevant: my brother's items attract urine and fecal matter
example 1:drunk girl and guy go into my brothers room to bang, he finds out just after they finished and went to tell them to get the fuck out.
example 2:at another hosted party, a good friend gets up.
walks over to the stereo i gave to him earlier that day.
(birthday party).
and proceeds to piss on it.
for a solid 30 seconds as everyone is screaming at him.
then says, "sorry, i had to go" walks back over to the couch and passes back out.
example 3:fat chick he didnt really know, shit her pants in his car.
this story involves a lot of illegal things and i'm just not getting into it.
moral of the story, she had to go for like thirty minutes acting like she didnt just shit her pants in the car.
oh, and it left a stain.
hahahaha, that sounds hilarious.
hopefully hes taking it well and having a few laughs!
bitches be crazy
So, did you toke with your boss, then?
OOO!
SOOOMEEONESS tired!
Do they not have toilet paper in your country/city/state/part-of-the-woods?
Lol yeah he's fine and he picks on me about it xD
Lol I have accidentally hit him in the genitalia before too because he tickled me and I'm extremely ticklish so I flail about and my hand just landed there xD
Haha no really xD I jerk around and I try and get away because it tickles so much!!
I, too, am an epic flail-er.
I understand completely.
flailing leaves your limbs in precarious places.
Next you're going to tell us it was some puerto rican guy.
haha no xD I hit him and I didn't mean to xD
yes it does...
and he knows I didn't mean to so he picks on me about it :P
Well you made me lol, thank you for that.
what are u like 12
when you're walking up a ladder and you hear something splatter...
HOLY SHIT THAT GUY JUST JUMPED!!!
"AND ANOTHER THING, YOU'RE MAKING THE SANDWICHES FROM NOW ON!"
ya know, I would have understood your predicament.
You needed to take shit, and that was the only thing occupying your mind at the time.
It's fucking understandable.
Not to mention the relief you must have felt afterwards.
Would have been distraction enough for anyone to forget all things else.
lol I already made the sandwiches xD
we all do
I hope you didn't get in trouble
Ha i wish.
Turns out it was a samurai sword handled umbrella similar to this
it was neato.
I wish I could unread all of this.
Just...
I feel you missed the joke.
I got the joke just felt id clarify the story a little more
My mom bought a bottle of it, and that stuff never works for me.
's so against caffeine.
I don't know why.
If you were at a large school function with over 3000 kids, and one of them decided to pull out a fighter-bomber, wouldn't you want your policemen to have supersonic interceptors?
To my knowledge, school shootings are pretty rare.
WOOSH!
Could be worse, could've involved a car accident...
this could have simply been a hammer, or any other object with window breaking potential
That's what they all say.
You must be a Reddit elite...
I wouldn't know, I've only been a redditor for a week.
and dinosaurs...
I've been there, I ran into an old classmate shortly after getting a job at a psych ward as a nurse tech.
It was awkward.
Never saw her again.
I was circumcised, yet they left just enough foreskin so that I don't need lube when I fap.
I'm very pleased.
I still don't buy it.
Am I the only one that while wiping my ass I sit there thinking "There's no way any girl does this.
Its far too gross.
No, there's no way.
They must have some secret method."
This is entirely true.
I received a passing grade, but an overall unsatisfactory one.
I bet they take advantage of quantum teleportation somehow using the clitoris.
That thing has always been a mystery.
Does he flinch when you walk into the room?
(to poke fun, of course) That's what I would do.
the amount of times ive almost crashed my car checkin out talent...
haha no he just tells everyone I beat him, including the uploaded picture to with the description of "my girlfriend beats me...
I didn't rub her feet enough"
You have a bright and illustrious future ahead of you!
That goes way beyond a TIFU.
I've walked into a tree before...
It's not just you.
dm;sr
Is that 10 you've never locked yourself out, or 10 you've locked yourself out of a door without a lock?
that's what urinal walls are for
I like the joke in the first but the reddit character' style change a lot.
I'm so sorry to hear that your school makes you pay for printing :'(
I assume I pay extra in tuition for that and thus I print to my hearts content.
a standing pro poop
Now I know the name for it.
I did that when I was babysitting a one year old and a six year old.
Guess where the one year old was?
Guess where the six year old and I were?
At least the baby was in her highchair, so restricted mobility.
Youre a keeper then; he better merry you
HAHAHAHAHAHA
thank you :) I would call myself a pretty good girlfriend.
Smooth.
If your clothes come out dripping wet, it is usually a good idea to use the spin cycle on the washer again or ring them out.
I know that now.
Doesn't matter; still ran?
[Who likes my submission?
The mods didn't even message back :(](
How can we nominate this for TIFU of the week?!
I saw someone with that temporary flair the other day, but his post was 9 days old.
indeed, that needed supporting
I Fucked Up Once, because the reddit was/is still new it was just accepting stories of when we fucked up and not necessarily "today"
That's at least a 15.
You'd better merry .
I once went hunting and had gone almost twenty miles when I realized I'd forgotten my bow.
I'd have gone as far as you if it hadn't just occurred to me out of nowhere.
Why couldn't you have just printed off the first page ten times?
I have no fucking idea what you just said...
explain it to me like i'm 5
Haha whoops by no means did I mean marry.
I want him to make sure she is very joyful, ie.
merry.
pics or it didn't happen
I would have laughed but I'm eating cheese and now I don't want to
K how long are your guys foreskins..
When I do the piss thing I think it's gunna burst
James Joyce or Vogons?
are you shitting or cumming in your boxers first?
and did you know you're supposed to do both those activities with your underwear off?
this is actually, exactly where the problem lies.
DOod I put cereal in a cup all the time I do t eat it from a bowl anymore bc it's so convenient.
Just get a big cup add some milk a spoon eat the rell and drink up the milk
Edit: dont
lol I have hurt my boyfriend before on accident but never punched him in the eye xD
I think that means you're lazy...
that sentence makes no sense if you say merry rather than marry...
well its really not the best word choice.
I came here just to say that.
TIFU of the week is why I subscribe to this subreddit.
Hey OP, are you now ostracized by your dorm-mates?
Do you need any cloths by chance?
Haha I was just kidding, I definitely made a typo
oh haha okay xD I was like "wuu?" that didn't make sense :P
does no one realize that those things do have caffeine in them??
you've seriously got to be one monumental fuck up of a police officer.
shouldn't you be occupying something?
or watching a half hour video about africa's boogie men?
Cute.
Unless you owned up and admitted that you did it on 'purpose'.
I think that would have had a happier ending :P
What was your time?
I feel dumber after reading this...
...obviously
He's more like B-12.
This logic apparently escaped me at the time, haha.
spec-k
3 points 1 day ago (20)
the amount of times ive almost crashed my car checkin out talent...
Talent is a perfect way to describe attractiveness hahahaha.
Thanks for that, I'm dying with laughter.
I was at a party at my friends house once and something very similar happened, except with poop.
was having a good time and getting totally shitfaced.
As the party came to an end in the wee hours of the morning we realized my friend who was throwing the party had vanished.
So we start looking for him and hear this completely awful sound coming from the bath room upstairs.
Conan screaming while fighting a septic truck...
we knock on the door and hear our friend grunting and mumbling to himself.
We ask him is he's alright and get no response except more grunting.
We figure he's tossing his cookies and return to drinking.
About 5 minutes later we hear a thud and run upstairs to check on him.
We open the door to find him passed against the wall sitting on the toilet covered in vomit with shit spray in the vicinity of the toilet, pants at half mast.
Turns out he had some cannon squirts and whilst pooping had to vomit as well.
He couldn't make the turn to vomit, sprayed shit everywhere, gave up and continued sitting while vomiting through and onto his legs.
It looked like a dirty bomb had gone off.
Don't worry man, you still ran laps around everyone not running.
has shit days, keep on being awesome!
Well that certainly shits all over my story!
hindsight is 20/20
The mods pick a new one each sunday, taking various factors into account such as number of up votes, comments, and community reaction.
If you want to nominate one, simply message one of the mods and we will take it into consideration
so what happened?
TIL...
I'm impressed by your vacuum cleaner's ability to destroy things.
I've ran over cords with mine before and nothing has happened...
Meh.
Break out the soldering iron.
We have the one of the older Dyson models..
God damn that thing sucks harder than a pornstar!
Same thing happened to me on multiple occasions!
No, some are just B-12.
It can help if your diet is too low in B12.
It's a good idea to take some if you're a vegan, for example.
for "he told everyone I beat him."
haha he did...
he posted a picture on and that was the description D:
That's a little bit fantastic.
It's a good thing no one believed him xD
The joke was terribly bad anyay.
Wtf kind of phone does that thing charge?
a while ago my vacuum sucked up my iPod ear buds completely.
sounds like something i would do.
live and learn.
Best of luck
Your teachers overreacted.
Your like a miniature Buddha covered in fur.
My teachers would have laughed
Yeah I am just speculating but I think it will speed up your metabolism for the time its in your body before it gets pissed out, which is only just a few hours.
It may just be placebo, but I always notice I feel more energetic when I take vitamin B.
he b12
How lucky they were that close.
I will shoot you in the bullet.
With a knee.
When you are drunk you should be proud of hitting trash cans.
I peed down a trash shoot once, best choice of the night if you ask me.
, for 8 bucks how reliable is this?
Maybe your teacher has a touch of the herp and decided to take it very personally...
Meh
Hem
I did this with honey; same fuck up, but tasty ;D.
Don't ask why there was honey in the bathroom.
why was there honey in the bathroom?
Don't ask why there was honey in the bathroom.
You see, I would've ran over and helped you :)
You deserve it.
Use your hand
Man it fucking sucked
I'm skinny(115lb) and short 5'8" and I am the best on the team with the two mile
No, I don't think you understand.
At this point, we have to know why there was honey in the bathroom.
You know, for science!
It ripped the end of your pecker off?
I once sleep-walked downstairs into my parents room when I was around 6 and pissed on my parents alarm clock..
Maybe I should just change my name to "concussiongirl".
I was sitting on top of my boyfriend and I tickled him, he pulled up his knees and sent my flying, head first, into the wall.
And then I had a massive headache, and was suddenly extremely tired, and was forced to stay awake for hours.
Good day.
TL;DR - My boyfriend never seems to be the one that gets hurt when we rough-house/play tickle war.
I get hurt.
xD that's unfortunate and funny xD
60 seconds is pretty good for a middle schooler.
I am actually a freshman in high school.
My shcool district divides grades in an odd way.
Still a good time for a freshman.
that's onamonapeia for a belch
they didn't just sprout out long eyes ?
you can plant those and grow potatoes...
or did was it totally putrid ?
hahhaa
Are you still high or something?
My ex boyfriend and I were...
uh...
you know.
Anywho, we switched positions and my elbow caught him right in the eye.
The best part?
His law school graduation was the next morning.
So...
did it end up being a "Oh my god I'm an asshole" moment?
Was that the guy on here that met his future wife by pissing in her closet?
My teachers are just sick and tired of having pictures of STD's on people's screen when they leave for 2 minutes
It's fine.
I've had no complaints, I've had it for 18 months and I use it as my primary lock picking set (the best lock pick set is the one you have and all that).
The main concern is that it's kinda small, but it would have to be, after all.
I can think of a few reasons why there would be honey in the bathroom...
For a fraction of a second this confused me.
Then I realized you're a guy.
Then I laughed.
Maybe Vince still has a Sham Wow for your wet pussy.
fuck up of the year!
Just get the Sham Wow and get out though, don't hang around.
Vince likes the weird stuff.
I must say, this submission needs illustrative material.
OP?
Sounds more like TMCFU
I will be waiting for your next post.
TIFU: I gave my pissed off piss covered cat a bath.
I've also walked into a tree, but I had just gotten off of a merry-go-round so I was kinda disoriented.
What'd that taste like?
seems to have done this while sleepwalking, but I did this when I was a wide awake 6 year old.
All the bathrooms in my house were taken and I had to go so bad that I sat on my trashcan and released the river.
xD that's great!
XD and unfortunate :/
TIFU: I selected "random" subreddit button above, just for kicks, and ended up...here...
/runs screaming out of subreddit
Wait so you pushed your cat into the toilet or it jumped and fell in?
Pro tip:
invest $5 every week in new store-bought underwear.
discard daily after use.
no more bagged surprises.
profit!
the cat pressed its body against me and fell straight into the toilet
Lol, dumb cat.
I got a new pair for $10 at walmart.
Not as good, but they work.
Today It Fucked Up.
Close enough.
I hope he has neosporin available.
Pee covered cat claw scratches?
We are talking amputations.
I've developed a habit of speaking in code.
Let's Smoke!
= Let's Chill
Did I leave my weed over there?
= Did I leave my sunglasses over there?
Can I buy some weed?
= You good?
Man, I'm fucking high = Man, I'm really fucking high.
Note to self: work on that last one.
Haha forgot I posted this.
I ended up cutting it really short by myself and made it a short fade.
Looks fine now.
Took over an hour! im paying 12 bucks next time fuck this.
I went to bed with fucked up lop sided hair hahaha
SOMBODY CALL ANIMAL POLICE
Cat done It on his own will.
Well, the floor of a frathouse bathroom is definitely not the cleanest place in the world, I don't blame you.
Now cough up the screencap will ya?
TELL THAT TO THE JUDGE
Proof or gtfo.
Yeah really, why even post this without the screenshot, you know we all want it :P
Wtf, man.
rule 32.
You must have pictures to prove your statements.
Urine is surprisingly sanitary.
make sure its almost boiling water.
also you could uncurl a coat hanger and jam it into the toilet, breaking up the structural integrity of the turd.
Dog chased you, car hit dog, dog's owner's fault.
Oh hey a new rule!
There are ponies of it, no exceptions.
Sorry, here.
Was it 40 km you were going?
Yeah, 40 mph on a bike is freaking moving.
Sounds right to me.
Plus if it was chasing me with the intent of hurting me, I would use the environment (approaching car) to my advantage.
Out of curiosity, exactly how did you get locked in the stall?
Lock breaks, no fuck up.
You spontaneously forget how to use your hands?
That's internet history.
I imagined this more like a dog attack in COD, where you just knife the thing in the throat.
next time try harder #3232;#3232;
It's the dogs fault too.
It was the one that chased him in the first place.
will be animals.
he could've done would have changed what happened.
Either he stops and get attacked by a dog or it gets hit.
He was only protecting himself.
He shouldn't feel bad at all.
It's more like TIDF (today i didn't fuck up) He got away from a vicious dog and now it won't be hurting anyone else anymore.
You don't knife dogs in COD, you break their necks :P
The dog can't REALLY be at fault because, as you said, " will be animals." The dog should have been inside/on a leash/behind an adequate fence.
It was the dog owner's fault for allowing the dog to chase anyone.
Not only that, but the dog should have been trained better to begin with.
But I agree with your point that OP didn't fuck up.
up would be getting mauled by a dog or run over by a car.
Bear Grylls is a ?
He did an AMA not too far back.
i remember knifing one...
maybe that was a different game, and i cross referenced.
i know in MW3 you shoot one...
either way, coulda been much more badass of a dog kill
Right.
And you want me to believe you're not him.
NOT BUYING IT!
You CAN knife or shoot them before they throw you down the ground.
I did this when I was little.
I had just woken up was still in in a half dream state.
wut.
Do ppl replace wallpapers with STDs at your school?
your bubble like a true :
you knife the first hyena, right when the church opens, but the second one with the guys you shoot i think.
Sounds like you saved a little kids life to me.
Little kid on a bike + vicious rotty = mauled kid.
The cat lovers of Reddit will upvote for sure.
Not a bad idea IMO.
the importance of using protection...
See this nasty shit?
That could be you.
Wrap your tool.
This is the opposite of a fuck-up.
You're a hero.
b-12 is a B vitamin, your mom is silly.
so it's another animals fault that an animal acted as its self?
but not the actual animal who did the attackings' fault?
If we are responsible for our actions how are animals not responsible for their actions?
They act on their own just as we do.
You are forgetting that we are animals as well.
I've read this like 3 times now.
I don't understand what happened, can someone explain it to me?
How did the OP cause the dog to be hit?
I'll have to play that mission again ...
Don't worry,
You just got some yummy free dog!
Just preheat your oven to 450 degrees then start cooking your rice.
Next, take the intestines out of the dog by cutting a slit down its stomach and pulling them out and then cut off its paws and tail.
After that, soak the dog in hot water for about ten minutes and pull its' fur off.
Then you want to add seasonings to it as desired for example stuffing it with rice and glazing it with a mix of soy sauce and BBQ sauce.
, put it in the oven for 20-30 minutes or until nicely cooked.
Serve and enjoy!
you did good.
what if it was a kid that was riding home from school, do you think he can pedal as fast as a grown man?
You sexually assaulted your dog on accident.
He will never look at you the same again.
Not your fault at all.
Please don't feel bad.
The owner's should be the one's who feel bad about leaving it loose.
I'm glad you got away without it hurting you.
But isn't there a special animation in Modern 1 where you knife a dog?
I once heated up hot chocolate in the microwave.
The thing is, I forgot to put the water in.
I just dropped my phone and laughed at this for a minute straight at work.
Thank you sir.
told.
fail indeed
When I was at college, I used to run up the road for a bus, this fucking piece of shit yorkshire terrior thing would frequently run out of the garden and give chase..
for such a shit small dog, that thing could move.
Scared the crap out of me as well as was first thing in the morning.
One day I turned round and with a swift foot, volleyed the cunt..
it never chased me again.
You're making this way too complex, and also wrong.
Yes, it is the owner's fault, obviously.
The dog wasn't being adequately cared for in an environment where it was a danger to others, and in danger itself.
The owner was the real fuck-up here, it's sad but at least the neighborhood is rid of his dangerous mistake.
Posted.
I was asleep.
I posted this just before bed last night.
...Ponies of ponies?
Are there those?
Proof.
Refer to updated description.
That's not TIFU, that's frontier justice.
I really hate irresponsible dog owners.
That is who is at fault here.
If you own a dog, it is your responsibility to train the dog properly.
If you can't do that (for any reason) then at LEAST keep the dog on a leash or inside where it can't be a danger to itself or others.
THIS IS NOT OKAY.
Sorry, forgot to mention that, it was 40 mph.
I have a bike, and needless to say I was pretty scared.
If you have alcohol and food, it's all good.
, that's gonna cost extra...
The second time - winning!
It's the owners fault, the damn thing was trying to kill you anyways!
, and I thought my husband was the only one who does this type of thing.
Cool guy.
It wasn't your fault.
people should keep tabs on their animals.
if they know that they are prone to chasing down cars and shit they should have it fenced in.
no fence no leash, bad owner.
I remember in you can knife the dogs
you were probably doing closer to 20 mph if the dog was keeping up with you.
This scares me, because I know of a place where I ride my bike and a dog chases after you doing nearly the same thing.
All I could imagine was myself in the same scenario.
I'm really sorry about that, but you can't control the dog and it sure as hell is not your fault.
That must have been surreal.
If 5'8" is short, then I'm microscopic.
Barely five feet.
Holy fuck that is fast.
I remember having a speedometer on my bike and getting 20 km/h would always be a big accomplishment for me.
Are you Flash?
Until the owner gets another 'OMGZ sooo cuuute' rottweiler puppy...
The dog should have been tied up or behind a gate.
if it was vicious.
Not your fault.
Nope, you break it's neck when it throws you down.
If the dog had bitten and mauled people before even if you had shot the dog yourself I have said you have nothing to feel bad about.
You were trying to get away from a dog with a violent history and it was an accidental death there is nothing you could have done to save the dog without yourself getting hurt.
Dogs aren't what I'd consider sapient.
MEOW MEOW
There are a lot of people who we wouldn't consider sapient but we don't blame other people for their actions do we?
Why do we think that we are the only animals at fault for our actions?
We are just as much influence by other people as that dog was influence by it's owner.
If you're going to blame the owner for the dogs situation you might as well blame the owners parents for the dogs situation.
Well, every single time I pay for a haircut it's terrible.
No matter where I go or what I pay.
Would be easily solved it I wasn't so damned socially awkward!
for a guy
I once read that back in the day (this would be in the 1400s, I believe) plebeians used their piss to wash their clothes.
Smells bad, but sanitizes because of the ammonia...
The door opened in and somehow I slammed it shut with enough force that it passed the lock and wouldn't open back up.
took me a second too.
it seems like he was in the proper lane and the car was moving toward him in the opposing lane.
the dog, being aware of proper traffic procedures but unaware of oncoming traffic; shifted into the oncoming car's lane in order to pass OP.
running head on into the car.
some redneck that thinks he needs a 'guard dog' but doesn't know how to train a guard dog.
Like kids?
when a kid fucks up, we generally blame the parent.
Meow meow!
Oh no!
What happens when we finally wear your patience all the way down?
It's an animal, not a human.
Be happy you (or the person in the car) didn't die.
What would you do if it caught up to you and it started biting/attacking you?
It's natural, animals die..
have you ever seen cows/chicken/pig/etc being slaughtered for the meat we all eat?
You didn't fuck up...
I don't see anything wrong with it, the owner should have had it on a leash, in fact, the owner himself should make a TIFU post.
"The Of All Poops"
This is why I love reddit.
Reddit at its finest
Where you going downhill or?
Fuck that's retardedly fast...
I don't think dogs can run 40 mph, could be wrong though.
Does he have a pet?
I almost brushed my teeth with my face razor.
I'm sure I would have noticed before I got past the second layer of skin.
Like severely mentally handicapped people.
Whom the state of Texas still executes for crimes, if I recall.
I don't agree with it, but it's relevant.
I think that you just gave me the best laugh I've had since the infamous 4chan shitting story
Good thing you were in the shower to put it out.
It works especially well when used in conjunction with bleach.
I'd say you won
ha, I was with a friend, walking in the woods, when this happened to me.
I had to hide the fact that I had shit ooze rolling down the inside of my jeans.
I made an excuse to run home for something I forgot and the girl never knew what happened.
thing that ever happened to me.
So you just left her in the woods!?
I've done that too.
my ass off for half an hour.
I remember that case.
It was fucked up.
What should have happened was Mathis' caretaker, (I believe that's his parents) should have been indicted and convicted of involuntary manslaughter.
, last year the supreme court has ruled that executions for the mentally handicapped are unconstitutional.
As such, Texas can no longer execute the mentally handicapped without violating U.S.
law.
It's not all bad.
She could have followed the putrid trail he left behind.
But you were already being cleaned, so instead of being gross, it was unexpectedly hilarious!
Before the crows ate it...
No you pee'd your bed don't try and hide it.
up the mess would have been shit.
Dammit, you caught me.
I thought posting this on a public forum would take away all traces of suspicion...
Can you change it from "readers" to "Fuck-ups"?
or...
without the pee, in my personal opinion.
Came here to say the same thing.
As unfortunate as this sounds, you saved a lot of peoples' lives.
If that dog had never been dealt with, more and more people would get hurt or even killed because of how vicious this dog is.
This dog is the exact product of what happens when someone is an irresponsible dog owner and trainer.
I'm really glad you're safe!
I've done that too...just not in the shower...
Y'know I don't want to say it...
but pics, or it simply did not happen.
I'm scared I will do this in a friend's shower one day.
I've exploded into my boxers while peeing at a friends house once.
That kind of sucked.
"Hey man...
if I were to ask you for a pair of boxers, no questions asked, would you do that?"
sounds like a shitty situation.
Agreed.
, never trust a fart.
But in the shower, it's your turn to laugh at your scumbag intestines.
[ something along the lines of a supergenius emo breakdown that resolves to give up righteousness for enjoying the suffering of others.](
Well if it was explosive at least you wouldn't have to waffle it so much.
Yeah, I mean you already showed them to your 13 year old sister, so why not us?
they make a valid point
for SCIENCE
yeah...like others have implied...not really a fuck up.
You were in the shower.
Don't believe it for a minute.
Why would you not believe it?
At least someone else wasn't in there with you.
, I've had something similar to this happen while I was in the shower with my husband.
It wasn't pretty by any means.
Also, I almost threw up trying to clean things up haha!
You have obviously never seen the rules of the internet my good sir.
i did this once with hand soap.
they weren't even in the same shaped tube.
Pics or gtfo.
No one has a girlfriend here.
For science of course...
I feel you.
The 2 mile.
I hated that race sooo much.
Quit immediately and run the 800 instead.
UNBELIEVABLE!
Who has a PHONE that can take PICTURES!
You're talking some futuristic, sci-fi fantasies here...
Wait, you were biking and the car passed you...
and THEN it ran over the dog?
That makes no sense to me unless you were biking against the traffic or you were chasing the dog...
I don't know man but today I saw a fucking 20 foot python flying through the air while I was on my way to work!
It was amazing!
And I took a picture!
But nah I won't upload it here.
You still believe me though, right?
I feel like from "Texts from " wrote this, but the spelling is too good.
I'd rather just suck it up and go commando.
Out of all the places to be stuck with unexpected explosive diarrhea, the shower is probably the best place (after a toilet of course).
Still nasty though.
Dear OP
I am happy you see
your tale is laughable
if a little horrible.
(Not really)
Yeh, that can happen.
TIFU: I spent my life on reddit
It took this post to make me realize how much human interaction I missed this weekend and or year
to the club!
I don't see a fuck up here...
And smell like shit for the rest of the day?
It sounds like that even more if you misread the title like I did and thought it said "top hat".
I saw that in a rage comic...
Is that an actual thing, or were you referencing the rage comic?
is right.
Come on, OP, why won't you show him your dick?
All I'm askin' for is a dick pic.
Well, lets be honest..
What is more interesting?
Your friends or reddit?
I see no fuck up.
ensued?
My mom did it with preparation h one time.
lots of people have girlfriends here.
lots of people here are girlfriends
Not doubting the story, but just your speed...
greyhounds can barely hit 40mph.
No way a rotty is getting near that.
sorry
no, more of a rock of chocolate at the bottom of a ruined ceramic mug
worst part is it was in a hotel
It would be more of a fuck up if you spent your weekend doing anything except Reddit.
Better than my weekend in jail...
, I overestimated the speed of the dog.
By a lot.
Sorry guys
well i didnt i snuck out and got drunk with my buddy lol
Is this...?
MON DIEU!
I ran the 800 last year, and I did okay, but I'm so fucking slow and the 800 is a freaking sprint.
"Time you enjoy wasting was not wasted time"
But Reddit is human interaction, isn't it?
I remember doing something simillar.
Except i went through the puddles without the wibdsheild wipers on and almost crashed.
Time you enjoy wasted was not time wasted FTFY
I think a rage comic needs to be made of this situation.
Was this one of those things where your brain and mouth have this conversation:
Brain: Oh, I know!
Say this!
It's sweet, funny, and she'll love you for it
Mouth: NO ONE LOVES YOU.
Brain: WTF that's not what I said to say D:
tl;dr - back story?
X-post from get motivated
so you don't get to toke it up?
disappointment.
"rotating flail of fecal devastation"
up vote for a phrase that almost made me choke to death laughing.
heh.
well played, sir.
What was going on when you said that?
You may have just had alot of stress and anger built up and ended up snapping on your girlfriend
But, WHY?
YOU"RE NOT CHUCK NORRIS.
CRINGE
There was definitely some brain - mouth malfunction.
gah
ohhh...
ouch.
why for break up?
If you don't mind me askinging.
your nips bro.
your nips are raging.
calm them.
I'd recommend some Aloe Vera for your raging nips.
With out all the pesky human contact..
after seeing all the shit you post, your forever tagged as "emo pc nerd on an ego trip"
what a dick.
amiright.jpeg
Only if you comment.
This cracked me up so hard.
I'm pre-nominating this for fuck up of the week.
[Well, gee, that's profoundly upsetting](
Darwin award nominee right here
BRILLIANT
Good luck with that one.
I can guarantee she'll never forget that someone who's supposed to love her said that.
Still a better love story then .
As someone with cigarette burns, they go away.
It just takes a while.
I was out drinking once, and had a friend challenge me to put out a lit cigarette on my hand for $6.
I lit it up, smoked a bit, and put it out on the back of my hand.
Left me with a deep wound, and the scar hasn't gone away yet, but it's only been a year since then .
I used the $6 to go get another Jager bomb though :D
Now compost the cup and recycle the lid.
Except I have to pay to do laundry.
Wasted a whole 1.
Wat.
Vote: You deserved it.
I'm sure it happens often enough to be real, but it's just a rage for me!
nope.avi
bro, why are you being gay?
Just show us your dik
Is this a thing?
make this a thing!!!
I've had it slightly worse once, i was walking down the side of the street with a friend wearing a sleeveless t-shirt (side = no pavements in Pune, India).
This was 5 years ago, the mark still remains.
Ouch...
that's is way worse than how I fucked up.
My burn is slowly healing and ever since I put a bandage over it's been keeping it moist and clean.
I just hope I don't get a mark/scar.
Vote: You deserved it.
Vote: I agree, your life sucks.
Vote: I agree, your life sucks.
clean boxers won't take the smell away.
Ahhh I don't have balls and that hurt me to read that.
Wolf seems fitting.
Was it one of those long showers where you stand around with nothing to do but don't want to get out?
Not really.
I'm just trying to find some reason to justify you doing this.
Oh man I've been there before.
times actually.
I would say that the worst instance was when I tossed an entire sandwich instead of an empty carpri sun.
Felt bad man
That's just gonna put a downer on the afternoon.
I made lemonade out of lemons.
After I threw away the PBJ I made a delicious deli meat sandwich.
i have been that old lady.
mention at least
Rage comic, not advice animal...
this was a terrible fuck up your sir are an idiot.
I forget the exact times, but classes at my college were block-scheduled.
I had a class in one block, then had nothing for two blocks, then had another class in the fourth block.
After the first class, I meet a friend for lunch.
We hang out until I have to get going for my fourth-block class.
I go in and sit down.
The class is empty except for a girl taking a test (makeup, I assume) and my prof.
He's grinning ear to ear.
Me: Yes?
Prof: You have another class in here after mine?
Me: ...no, I have our class in here.
Prof: , our class just ended.
In that moment, I realize that the class is third block, not fourth.
I spent the entire period having lunch with a friend not 200 steps from the class, for some reason thinking it began when it actually ended.
It's totally a thing, dude.
There's a link on the top of the page.
Well, he did get her wet.
Did that same thing two years ago, back of the hand [on purpose, upon seeing fresh ex with girl he cheated on me with] - definite scar, though it's fading.
Break open some vitamin E capsules on it if you'd like to avoid some scarring.
Or keep it and remind yourself what a badass are you are from time to time.
(Edit I didn't do it twice, tho...)
I have also accidentally put the lit end of a cigarette to my lips...
More than a few times, actually.
Not quite such a badass feeling...
I have a class that meets once a month on nights.
Two weeks ago, around 4:30AM on , sleep-deprived from working nonstop on a brief for a few days, I realized: "Oh, shit, class was yesterday."
I laughed harder at this than I should've considering I've done it myself.
I leave caps off ALL THE TIME it's an awful habit really...
This is underwhelming the most unfucked up thing a person could do on a day.
The best code for anything pot related is "safety meeting".
A friend of mine worked at a that ALL the employes smoked at, even the managers.
They would have a nightly "safety meeting" with the whole crew, and the safety materials were usually supplied by the managers.
Today you fucked up: You're dating a frat guy.
at least it was an accident
"Hey man, got any baby wipes?"
Never a good idea.
for a class like physics.
The whole, "I'm just going to check it" game never works.
Never.
You have to have a will made of steel to go through with "just checking" email, facebook, reddit etc.
Better luck next time champ.
You're lucky you didn't get a full on chemical burn blister.
It will be like that for a few days.
He probably had to pee after and thought fuck it if anything it will help it go down.
You broke the first rule!!!
"Sorry sir, your daughter fell down and got this black eye..."
Holy shit, that is not going to go well.
Delete your facebook, hit the gym, yadda yadda yadda.
Haha why would you do that?
Why?
Oh yeah, prove it!
Let's see your penis.
Ok, as that was coming out of my mouth, I knew it was wrong.
what did it say?
I'm in the exact same boat.
I had a take home exam for my business law class due today and I spent all night on reddit.
And it was definitely in one of those "I'll just check a few subreddits" kind of nights.
Lucky for me I eat, sleep, and breathe business so I managed to cram it in this morning.
I can't imagine skipping studying for a physics test though.
I've done this at least 3 times during my college career.
Always feel stupid because it usually happens in the middle/end of the semester
Can you post-post award one to that dude who accidentally fired his gun into his bed
I know this has happened to most blokes
I'm so sorry.
( It sucks big time.
Did this once but missed the test entirely.
Keeps you human.
Hang in there.
I imagined this little old lady being my MIBC instructor and in my head I heard her famous saying, " You didn't hurt my feelings, just inconvenienced me".
who uses computers anymore.
My dad is a pretty big scary looking fellow.
One time my boyfriend accidentally knocked me down (I was running toward him and he turned around just as I got close, effectively slapping me to the ground).
My dad was walking by and my bf was panicking a bit until my dad said, "Kick her while she's down.
It's the only chance you'll ever get."
It turned into a total bonding experience for them...
As long as it' not E and M you should be fine.
Couldn't stand that class.
How many strokes did you fuck up?
One or a whole balls game.
If any creature fucks with you they are just another pimple on mother natures ass ready to be popped.
You are a fucking HUMAN not a DOG.
Don't feel bad for living through an inferior being attacking you and kiling itself in the process.
i got the chills just thinking about it...im sorry
literally, a bunch of unrelated words that kinda formed a sentence.
This happened to me...
But it was a time schedule change and I was 1 hour late for class and only 20 minutes of class was left.
Class was usually 11:00 - 12:30.
Time schedule changed it to 10:00 - 11:30
i thought he was being a dick.
whatever though.
and now the side bar too
WTF are 'scubs'?
Guy whos never seen a pumice stone before here.
Please tell me why this is bad before I accidentally do it some day.
He probably goes to med school.
Scrubs are what doctors/nurses/people who work in the E.R.
wear.
What kind of ointment was it?
Do you have a name?
This could be so much worse depending on what it is.
It was H, for hemroids Oo I'll never be the same.
Oh no!!!
That is what I was afraid of.
Dude, I am so sorry.
People in this subreddit really need to start looking at the things they put on their toothbrush...
Edit:put
I am his friend, you sir are a hero!!
knows "check" means "go through all the comments on every post on the first three pages."
I just came here to comment hope it was not preparation-h, dammit!
Are you twelve?
Wtf is this?
Like I said, Today I Fucked Up :L
That's a nice fantasy to have, but we all know there are no girls on the internet.
Way to go stud, with lines like that you'll be shoulder deep in vagoo in no time.
Such a poon hound right?
YEAH BRAH I TOTES FEAL YUH.!
I brushed mine with cucumber melon lotion once.
and I thought that was bad..
pant tops that medical staff wear
You're more of a ladykiller than Ted Bundy...
I just got the worst Boner
Dude, this shouldn't be a Today I Fucked Up.
It should be a Today I .
Yeah, a friend had a similar incident recently, that was actually rather weird.
He was riding a motorbike in the city, and some guy from the car threw his cigarette, and it landed straight on this guys hands, he couldn't move them cuz he was riding.
So anyway he had a burn and went to the dermatologist, who suggested a creme based with aloe-vera, and like rybyredlux said, Vit E.
That apparently works for removing scars
Is it just the fact that its super rough, and that makes it hurt?
Or is there a different reason?
Oh, man!
For what?
There are worse people out there, and I'm just trying to explore different images...
But sometimes there is an itch that your hand just cant fix.
Either way, I dont think that I would put that thing anywhere close to my balls.
Ow.
I stupidly let my friend put his cigarette out on my hand as a dare a long time ago, maybe 5 or 6 years.
I still have the scar but you cannot even see it except for if I hold my hand a certain way or in certain light.
Even then it is more like you can only see the outline.
Other scars that I have gotten have disappeared, too, I just noticed while looking at the one.
I used to be pretty scarred up from doing stupid teenager shit but you couldn't tell that now.
The story on why I almost had to repeat the eighth grade.
So basically you're saying the experience taught you that it's okay to just run red lights whenever since people will try not to hit you?
Da-Da-Da-DOUBLE RAINBOW!
me of 2nd grade, Dont really wanna tell the story, long story short: field trip, bus broke down(old piece of shit) , double rainbow.
Win95 was good.
Don't push so hard.
If you have to push that hard that means that there is a plug o' shit aburstin' through
A Quote From The Best Seller "Book Of ."
I did this as a drunken bet at least 5-6 years ago.
One of them is still there.
I had some all over my hands, being already drunk at the time, and if i let someone else to do it to me (cute girl) she was picking up my tab for the evening.
So yea...
I had to tell my folks I had a mishap cooking bacon...
new subreddit?
link?
Holy science batman, I have a physics test tomorrow and just went to check reddit before i went to study
OMG Ouch, man!
Just go to the fucking bathroom.
Holy shit.
Doesn't matter; hand sex.
is this a try of creative writing?
This seems very much like a made up story
NOOO.
Fap in class?
That's just stupid.
I'll try to find it.
Give me a minute.
, ( it is.
This isn't the original 4chan version, but it's still the same.
I knew this kid who literally fapped in class.
He would use his jacket to clean up.
Me and one of my other friends would go outside to use our phones('read our books'), and he was the only one left in the group of desks.
He would jack off during the "reading" time.
my parents room is directly below mine and i just hurt my throat suppressing my laughter.
tears and all.
upvoting everything you own.
LMFAO!!!
I told you.
poop story ever.
I still laugh so hard that I cry every time I read it.
EVERY TIME.
This is ridiculous and fake.
good man!
Jesus.
..damn , how was the rest of your day then?
appearances can be deceiving.
i was laughing so hard i had to restart reading certain parts because i couldnt focus
well I mean.
Yeah that sucks.
Now you owe her a solid, like owed Rigby.
Run.
pffft, that's nothing.
I got drunk on a cruise (can you believe it?), and let my friend hold a lighter into my arm for about a minute.
he previously had lit the lighter at angle to heat up the metal for about 45 seconds.
I have a keloid scar that's deep purple and about the size of a quarter forever emblazoned on my arm to remind me of my dumbassery.
I hope he had a good laugh out of it...
time to pursue her like never before.
Yes he did :)
if only I could upvote more than once
o the screaming of 2 emotions combined ..the terror of losing ones manhood and the pain.
well..I once saw a drunk bald guy putting out his cigarette on top of his head
Say hello to the couch for me.
until he saw the rope
This is why you make sure it's a comfortable one.
That was like the period at the end of an incredibly long sentence.
Your best bet is to buy her flowers and make her a healthy candle-light dinner.
hooray for manuggets!
You know how I know this didn't happen?
You're still alive to post it on the internet
Dang, that is truly brutal.
Thank you for sharing.
So is your cat still pissed?
Simply say "More cushion for the pushin'" and all will be right again as she laughs at your joke and you embrace each other once more...
Then she picks up the kitchen knife from behind you and slides it through your ribs, puncturing your lungs.
probably the worst, yet most relatable TIFU I've ever read.
brings cock block a whole new meaning
same, cept with Cup-O-
This is why I no longer shave with the , I only trim.
TIL
I did this with a final exam.
It was my final push to say 'Fuck it.' and do something else.
I have reason to believe that we are the same person!
Nearly the exact same thing happened to me except I was being the little spoon and elbowed him instead of punched.
You should probably pay for his lunch.
Make him serve yours to you.
It could go either way.
As a woman,I'd be devastated hearing this.
As a wife, I'd appreciate the honesty.
that you are only trying to be honest and would expect her to do the same.
If it were me, I'd then ask her if my weight makes me unattractive, or something else you may be insecure about.
Good Luck dude.
my friend put his hand on his wife's stomach and jiggled...
she's not overweight at all he just does weird shit like that.
she was pissed for a while after that.
Where you refering to David Lynch cos he's awesome!
4chan always comes up with the best pooping stories.
Act as though you totally meant to do that.
You ARE an ass
grammer nazi: were.
I actually groaned out loud just reading this.
At least you caught it.
Can't ruin that Coke by dropping it.
and bits!
Ah.
That must have hurt pretty bad ...
Hope you r fine now ..
I remember one time I was on hold for at least 15 minutes, and I just had my phone (landline) on speaker while the crappy music played.
The music stopped, so I picked up the phone, only to get the "Please stay on the line because fuck you." message.
I put the phone back on the base without hitting the speaker button again, and hung up --
Nazi: .
Maybe I should take him to the Barrel.
Yes, we do.
You fucked up..
but the silver lining at least is that you said something that perhaps needed to be said.
Maybe this will somehow motivate her to try even harder.
Or maybe not.
Good luck, and find a way to apologize that costs some money.
Did you win?
think with your head up top, not the one thats always horny
Yeah well there no such word as "cos" either!
You fail as a Nazi!!
This is now your ( tag.
I made it yellow.
Please, come with me comrade.
Man up.
Drink beer and sleep under the stars in your sleeping bag.
Only way to camp imo.
Go on...
This is what I picture: You, standing at the top of the stairs staring menacingly at the dastardly ground.
You, him, and the several steps that separate the two.
With a cowardly war cry, you take a leep of faith and direct your cheek to the ground below.
All you can hear is the sounds of war around you, as you take flight.
Then silence.
The deed is done, and the floor has won this round...
you'll be back.
They always come back.
Is the floor okay?
I feel sad for your wife, it must have been a big blow to self esteem...
Please try to apologize.
Tell her you love her, tell her you care for her.
Tell her about the times you find her attractive .
Losing weight is hard, recognize what she does.
Maybe try to be more supportive, offer her to set a goal together or to watch the kids while she takes time for herself to go take a jog.
Good luck to you and her, please make her feel loved :)
Prude?
Cute
"I was stuck..." "I swear!"
If he hurt that floor, i swear i'll hunt him down and make him wish he was never born.
and KFC.
Why woul she ask if she didint expect a honest response like fuck all guys on Reddet are whipped
not really i can flush my system in 3 days with enough water
at it another way, great time for an upgrade!
Beware, though.
is an expensive disease to catch.
seriously
Oh, GROSS.
All I could think of was (
Dang, the pain is worse than my cigarette tip.
Whew.
What is it you're trying to do?
this isn't wife material, do you just want in her pants?
Are you trying to build a legit friendship?
Are you trying to convert her?
Your goal determines your path.
I'm not really trying to convert her; I've figured out that's a dead end, and its really not that important.
I'm too young for marriage or anything like that, and if I wanted in her pants I'd have bailed already (no chance whatsoever).
She says its ok but things have never been the same since this talk.
Oh, hum.
Well that's a might bit sad.
And to think, for 20 years I thought I was a girl.
I guess all of those biology classes must be updated!
who cares she's a christian
I'd probably tell her that she's beautiful on more than one level, and that her few extra pounds are unconcerning to you.
Who knows, this may actually motivate her to lose that extra weight, for you AND for her.
Just remind her that you love you, regardless.
Send him a bunch more texts that are subtle racist mispellings.
Then see if he believes you when you say they were all mistakes.
Nah, that's your job.
I'm just here to tell you what to do.
Is your shoe nigger than mine?
dat religiosity.
Is your dad single ;).
FACE MAN USE FACE ATTACK!
IT WAS SUPER EFFECTIVE!
Floor has fainted
You probably can't fix this.
The relationship with God defines love.
By dismissing religion completely, you have dismissed the possibility that you know how to love.
God there is no unflawed basis for what love is.
I am not saying that you won't try, or even do better than most, just that you, as an atheist, won't ever know how far away from true love you are.
Unsure if trolling, or seriously thinks religion defines "true love."
At least you didn't take him to good ole , boy was that a vacation
At least now your prepaired for those mouth hemroids
an alternative
Truth.
Things will never probably be the same and they probably shouldn't.
I'm not saying people of different beliefs shouldn't get together, but you still need to respect your partner.
For you, it sounds to me like you don't respect her religion (an integral part of her), so therefore, you don't respect her, and that's probably the crux of the problem here.
of whether or not you would normally say those things, those things are what you believe.
In your most secret self you think that her faith is ridiculous and she knows that now.
How can you respect her when you're so dismissive and even angry about something that's important to her?
she probably got off to it
you may have saved a babies life
love isn't real.
When it comes to appearance, no woman EVER, NO MATTER WHAT, wants the straightforward honesty.
We already know that we aren't looking our hottest, but we want to feel like you always find us attractive and would do us on the table if it was an opportune time.
I am this man's wife and I know he didn't mean it hurtfully and I do know he loves me and finds me attractive.
How do you plan on fixing this?
And yea...
pics or gtfo
So tell her this.
Also, stop being one of the stupid fucks who gives other atheists a bad name.
So there is no god.
Is there a reason that you care if other people are wrong?
Is your phone slimy now?
Have you tried praying about it?
But seriously, the Bible says to not yoke yourself unequally to another.
I think that's good advice whether you're religious or not.
You and this girl have different values at the fundamental level.
I don't think it's wise to get involved.
Yeah, I'm full aware of the angry atheist thing, and trust me, I've thought about it a lot.
Its not something I would normally make a big deal of, it was just a night of bad judgement and my words running ahead of my head.
I definitely don't want to be that guy.
I don't think I understood then, but I understand now.
I've grown a little, at least, in understanding why people hold their beliefs.
I feel like I've gotten better about this, matured a little.
She's honestly more mature and intelligent than me in many ways, and I've tried to see why she holds her beliefs and just not place so much importance on that difference.
In the end, I think she and I share some similar philosophy, the god just figures in hers and not in mine, other than that they're very similar.
I just want to look past that one issue and be friends again, because we share so much more than just stuff like religion.
at least you are admitting that you have a problem.
My advice for a cure is pot.
I was a pretty fire and brimstone atheist myself untill I tried smoking, now I really couldn't give less of a fuck if someone is religious or not.
Amen.
Edit: drunk .
Well, again, good job on being a dick.
Make these your rules to avoid being seen as a dick again: 1.
Never bring it up unless asked to.
Say this is a friendly DISCUSSION, not arguement.
Give disclaimer saying "you go in as friends, you leave as friends".
I wouldn't want to be with a person whom loses trust as easy as that." Now with a hurt tone, " is a bit like my 'religion' (I know, I know) and I need it to be respected as well.
What I said that night was in heated discussion and I really don't want to lose you."
Again, this is assuming alot of things, but I think you can see where I'm coming from.
Your honestly trying to say that all can't love?
What game?
Was it worth it?
Temple Run
Well, you could have not tried to convince her she's wrong?
But, since you acted like a twat there's nothing you can do.
If she's smart, she'll stay with friends who won't push their beliefs on her.
[Ah, the ol' "Why should we care about ?"](/
Please don't make us look bad.
Does Temple Run normally give you a boner?
Wtf did I just read.
Dude, EVERYONE gets a chubby on the toilet.
Aw.
As an avid animal lover, I'd feel terrible as well, but the fault lies with the dog's owner.
They are egregiously irresponsible to let such a large and intimidating dog be able to chase after things willy nilly.
, religiosity and atheism don't mix.
Give it up, OP.
Well now you have a load of blue cloths...
It's not the end of the world!
right?
wtf is that about.
I'm not turned on, so back off dick.
[And with that I'm walking away from the internet for awhile](
[You'll feel bad about this for.ev.ver, FOR.EV.VER](
It was only a chub.
ever tried resolve?
Well, at least you've exfoliated your balls...
I don't think that makes it okay to have a "chub" while going to the bathroom.
I think the real question is "Does anal stimulation normally give you a chub?"
I think most of them are vile hateful creatures.
I don't think she's throwing away a friendship over religion.
He was an asshole, plain and simple.
can give you a chub.
My condolences.
No one should ever have to go through that
I learned my lesson, never again.
Poor crotch fainted, but I bet it woke you right up!
(My condolences to crotch) :(
Wow.
How did it go?
I don't think I had been more awake ever in my life!
Some like it hot!
How old are you?
And now instead of doing last minute cramming.
I'm on reddit.
Again I've no idea if this is true or not.
This is giving me a chub.
The joke is on you.
Both of them are.
Always.
uses splash, coffee uses splash and so accorind to the transitive property = coffee therefore you cautht magikarp with tour crotch
At least you'll have the blistering pain on your junk to remind you of the incident for a week or two!...Oh wait.
I was going to ask what the book was to help you out.
Then I saw you posted this 6 hours ago.
Hope you were able to find your inner bullshitter :-/
chub
I'll have to try something cause I'm afraid if ruining them any further so hopefully it'll come out
Heh...
69% like it...
Your commentary of the unfortunate happenings is impeccably hilarious.
You should notify your teacher immediately and let them know you had a brain fart.
A lot of times, if it's not a day or two later, they are understanding.
Why did have to be snakes?
Is this (
damn, you fucked up!
This made me picture the "Ow, My Balls!" show from
This isn't the future, is it?
HR has the video and you will have the supplemental cleaning services deducted from your next paycheck.
, maintenance always knows who did it.
You might want to buy them some snacks to make up for it.
, chocolate pudding, whatever.
Grey water or black water?
Very badly.
and then when I thought maybe my notes might not be all that bad and that I should look at them again I had forgotten how to read" at which point I apologized and tried not to cry.
You should have offered to let them finish for you.
I feel that feel, feel.
I hope this was heavily embelished, or you had a seriously fked up day.
"hey!
any of you wanna help?"
You need to work on your response repartee.
WELL, THAT'S JUST, LIKE YOUR OPINION, MAN.
Cat calls: either a deep standing bow, or in the most pathetic desperate voice you can, shout: "I'M A SCIENTIST...
IT'S FOR...
SCIENCE...
I'M TESTING... I KNOW WHERE YOU ALL LIVE!
probably a combination of that, pressure exerted on the prostate and constriction of blood vessels in the groin.
You seem to lack self-control, because I succeed at jerktexting.
It's not like smoking.
You can't just pull over and say, "I think I'll have a quick fap."
I wish I could of helped you in time, comes in handy at these times.
You fucked up pretty hard.
Cues porno music
You almost have to consciously try in order to fuck up this frequently and severely.
how'd it feel ?
Well why ever not?
i did something very similar...
to a guy who was riding on a bike...
he was pursuing me and i drove away like there was no tomorrow!
i m an asshole ...
unlike the OP here.
did you pass ?
betta run like the wind bro ...
scary dads are scary
thats a major fuck up right there.
I AM that old lady.
I spent two long, cold nights in that bush, waiting for a passerby to respond to my cackled, gargled requests for HEEELP
thank you, child.
i will say, i felt like a little girl again.
laying down in the bushes, just like the olden days.
refer to the OP
, its a history/anthropology book about the shift from a primarily oral system of education to one with a heavy reliance on the written word...I'm Yemen.
Not exactly the type of thing you fond on sparknotes.
The biggest fuckup here is that you live with your fucking parents.
Great story, man.
Did she learn her lesson and make you a sandwich?
I got a text once while I was whacking a fellow mobster.
Then I got another one while I was whacking weed in my backyard.
I think I think of the same reasons you can think of..
and I want to stop thinking.
Upvote for " the "
Why thank you!
I've heard from some very intelligent classmates that they guessed on 6 out of the 11 questions.
I probably didn't, but hopefully the curve will work slightly in my favor.
I wish I could make something like this up, but this was the weirdest 2 hours ever.
Welp, if you survived that day, there's nothing that can bring you down.
I'm black and this cracked me up...
I'm going to say this all the fucking time now.
If you don't want the answer then don't ask the question.
It would also be nice if women didn't argue if you call them attractive
I guess I fuck up every weekend.
I checked this on my phone in my college math class and made a scene laughing.
I have been wondering that as well.
He seems to be everywhere from politics, to aww
Hell, i fap while driving sometimes.
Did you run down into the woods with your cock in your hands and finish up?
Sounds like someone put a hex on you.
New or not, doesn't matter.
He's your best friend, you should've expected him to find it funny.
OP, maybe pick up couch 2 5k (running program) with her?
Plus if she finds out she likes running, she may, or may not, lose a pound or 2, too!
OOh!
Get yourself some athletes foot medicine!
[I have been waiting so long for an appropriate time to use this gif](
The reason I said new is because I had literally got them that day and I took them out of the bag and figured "hey I should wash these before they stain my purse/clothes"...
I sure did!
I was too far in to quit!
COME HERE WOLVERINE!
Come to her with a cross around your neck and be like, "I've seen the light."
Why is your friends girlfriend texting you?
You just made my day.
Sorry.
Have you dried the white load yet?
Don't dry them!!
Go get some in a spray bottle...
spray the shit out of them, let sit for about 20 mins, wash again!
Good luck :)
Good girl dog; using her owner's love for her to manipulate him into getting exercise.
I dont know about creepy stalker, if my girlfriend watched me play old games at 2 a.m.
I'd know its true love
That guy fucked up too, by not having an ambulance do all that for him.
My husband streams and I've taken to joining in his chat lately.
I think he was a little wierded out at first, but I've become such a regular in his and a couple of other peoples streams that I don't think he minds anymore.
I would suggest just to keeping doing it until it becomes normal :)
Maybe he's not an adult yet?
Think before you type.
Sounds like the guy fucked up for driving like a lunatic and putting himself, his wife, and his kid in danger.
lolwut.
He could have killed his pregnant wife.
He's the idiot.
Why did they ask who you were?
Were you talking to them?
You're crazy...
yeah gosh no i haven't put them in the dryer yet I just put them in their own bucket and soaked over night if that doesn't work i'll definitely give this a try.
At least you noticed before you confronted him.
I don't get it...
you got shit outside of the toilet?
Did you just stand and try to spray in its general direction?
Rules:
Start all posts with "TIFU"
Don't break rule 1
TYFU on TIFU
Almost fall out a window
Better drink my piss
Out of context it seems impossible, but not for OP.
Do you guys shit bricks?
I didn't know this was possible.
I thought the flushing action is usually enough to break shit up, sans TP.
aww!
as long as the puppy didn't ingest it consider it a close call!
...I did start my post with TIFU!
Or do you mean in the title?
Ah, they did not specify so I must concede.
BTW, why were you spying on your boyfriend?
let me know how this goes
priceless.
Oh absolutely, this guy was driving like it was his last day on earth.
It's amazing no one was killed.
Takes about 10-20 minutes for an ambulance to come.
of taking 30 minutes to get to the hospital he'll do it in 10-20 minutes.
TIFU of the week.
Sadly, no.
But I WILL get it next time.
The floor is A-Ok.
Might have some of my saliva on it though.
How could she have drowned?
Can your dog not swim?
Oh, your sister came alright!
ba-dum..
tsh!
10/10 would read again.
Love is an emotion coded into our biology in order to make us reproduce so the species doesn't die out.
That's my theory and I'm sticking to it.
we are friends, me and her usually talk more then me and him these days.
Or call themselves fat when they're fucking skinny as hell.
I've had a girl who is as skinny as me and shorter call herself fat...
I'm barely not underweight.
Ok, so you didn't screw up at all.
This guy is 100% at fault.
First, the ambulance.
Second, with his pregnant wife.
He is NOT Bobby or Alonso.
Third, running someone off the road.
Being that reckless is stupid.
Never feel like you did something wrong here.
The guy with his wife was a tool.
Having a pregnant wife is no excuse for endangering the lives of other people, his wife, and his child.
You should ripped him a new one, the man is a moron who thinks those scenes from movies happen in real life.
Yeah they went back and changed definition of girl to "Female, not on internet (Excl.
Tricky Bio book writers...
I kind of want to know his sister's response...
His penis?
Well, did you use the lid as a spoon?
seeing your wife in labor can make you panic and do stupid things.
the guy would probably agree, after calming down, that he should have/would have done this or that better, but in the heat of the moment you can make some pretty bad decisions.
I've been guilty too of playing the cop and speeding up behind people in traffic, trying to cut them off to punish them, etc, but with discipline I don't road rage at all anymore.
Nope , i did get myself another spoon , after throwing away the lid.
Couple weeks ago, maybe a month now, some kid brought some kind of replica ceremonial sword/knife to school.
It was capable of cutting, but dull compared to the real thing.
, they didn't lockdown or do or say a single damn thing about it.
Found out about it thru a text from my grandfather...
removed for breaking rule 1
removed for breaking rule 1
rule 34?
Damn misspelling
TIFU
Oops.
Hope the kids appreciated the ornithopter demo, at least.
You'll have to resubmit your request through the OP.
I lost it at general changs chicken.
That's what she said!
I was giving my boyfriend head at skool
Guess we know what they do with the majority of their time while at school.
spoiler: it's not learning
Whats learning?
XD jk.
I dunno if it helps but this all happend after school.
Well I'm glad you didn't break anything vital.
Could've been a lot worse
Battle scars... all the ladies.
I can confirm this.
Thanks .
Good advice: before making a huge decision -- fap.
I've done it, also on my leg when a dude was smoking in my car and I didn't want to screw up anything else (priorities in question).
Oh my.
I have pissed in trash cans fully sober (but desperate), sinks, and girls restrooms (also desperate).
I also know an old lady who sleepwalked into her daughters and step-son's room and pissed in their suitcase.
I'm a close friend and classmate of the poster, I can confirm this happened, he shortly called his mom after he feigned sickness to get out of school.
It's OK bro.
to the best of us.
It's not camping if you have and cell phone service.
please resubmit if you want ..
please re submit if u want ..
Ahhh.
Ya got me :)
I'm sure you will, but seriously, next time, you gotta do something.
People love to fuck with the homeless and it makes me sick to my stomach.
Just puff your chest out, walk up to that asshole and tell him to never touch another homeless person again.
Man, that's just sad.
Humans are cruel.
OCEANSOUND is right.
not only that, you cant be far enough into the woods to not see something if ur getting wifi.
my OTHER problem with this is, if you have a shitty flip phone, its not gonna have gps.
how are you gonna google coordinates with no GPS?
I smell a troll...
ok, i start to fell like bad luck Brian
Sounds like you should eat it.
Pretty sure that's some kind of offense.
If it happens again (or if you see the guy douching around again), report it to an authority.
Also say stop and intervene.
The guy can't do anything (physical) to you without some kind of repercussion.
If it keeps bothering you, go and ask the store staff if the security cameras got any of it.
Fuck this guy, seriously.
When I was growing up, there was a guy who was mentally challenged who used to walk around town and talk to people.
His name was Tony, and he was super friendly.
Most people were cool with him, but some asshole punks liked to fuck with him.
One guy who lived in a care home down the street from me, got really drunk and started following Tony around asking for a hug.
He would get really close to him and start rubbing his back/chest, making moaning noises and such.
I just watched while Tony, obviously frightened, kept stumbling away awkwardly (while still trying to be nice, bless his heart).
, the drunk guy just fell over and passed out.
That's when Tony started crying and carried the drunk guy back to the care home about a block away.
I always felt guilty because I never said anything, I just watched from my porch.
If it helps, your story is a lot less embarrassing than I thought it was going to be when you started with " I was showing how a bird's wings work to a 5th grade class..."
the old lady wasn't a paranoid gun carrier.
I was with some of my friends one day and 2 of them decided to climb on the roof of the school we were near.
The janitor came out and yelled at them to come down.
One of them just climbed down the way he came and didn't get in trouble, but the other one ran and jumped off and broke his ankle.
Hope your ankle heals soon -- I popped an ankle badly falling down a set of stairs (not even in the name of educating our youth) and it took forever to heal.
Did heal completely though.
You're lucky the cat doesn't go out and catch them for you.
I've had at least three dead birds given as gifts from my cat into my bed.
Not pleasant to wake up to.
About a year ago I watched this group of teenage boys torment this friendly homeless guy to the point that he started crying.
The kids we're splashing water in his face, and made him drop the food he was eating.
The stupid teenagers we're just laughing, everyone that passed by them didn't care.
I watched him cry and before I could do anything he took off on his bicycle.
I regret not reacting sooner.
Sounds like the Effect to me :/ You don't really process these things until afterwards if you are in a culture (as you were) that accepts it as normal.
Poke his eyes so he cant see, then grab his dick and slap his ass.
Dude your a pussy..
your just as bad if you dont do anything.
I was in a restaurant once and the restroom doors had no signs, one just had a bolt on it and the other had a nut.
back it seems obvious but at the time it gave me pause.
I wonder, can you actually get arrested for going to the wrong gender's bathroom?
What would they call that?
I always assumed it was one of those 'cultural laws' where you'd get more shamed than arrested.
Yea if you see it again Do ..its as simple as yelling "Leave him alone" and reporting the offence to the Police/Adult, or beating the shit out of the guy.
If i was you i would have probably lost it an ended up killing the guy.
Yea if you see it again Do ..its as simple as yelling "Leave him alone" and reporting the offence to the Police/Adult, or beating the shit out of the guy.
If i was you i would have probably lost it an ended up killing the guy.
I was about to post this.
upvote for the commitment.
You must be quite flexible.
happened to me in statistics...something similar...instead it was in a friends back pack, we finished together so we put it in the same place, he handed his...and I didn't
The same thing happened to me at soccer practice...except I was the 90 pound kid...
Agreed you're only 15, it gets better.
This isn't really a fuck up, good rule to go by when you want girls, live your life, have fun, they will find you, don't let this bother you.
Tony sounds like a guy who works as a janitor at my university.
He is super nice and I talk to him when I can.
I can't imagine how pissed I'd be if anyone ever did anything like that to him.
What was it like?
You...you know, on the other side.
I love how all of these people talk about the horrible things they witnessed.
Yet, they never attempted to do a damn thing.
bastards.
You're as bad as the mindless fucks that follow in the masses.
Lets hear some more stories.
Most dogs top out at about 20 miles per hour.
Only greyhounds can go anywhere near 40.
It bothers me that you're calling him a pussy for not reacting, and while insulting him, you don't use 'You're' in the proper way.
As for not reacting, all I can say is that it is experiences like this that teach us to help people in the future.
That's really fucked.
Not of you, but of the jerkhole messing with the homeless guy.
I hate people like that.
And coming from a girl who has been groped plenty a time by some stranger walking by, I know how angry and helpless it makes you feel when people just laugh.
Next time, really, just start shouting or something.
Sorry, but that's kind of funny haha.
I'm not being mean, I get picked up and thrown around on purpose all the time.
When you're light, you get used to it heh.
Did your friend take it ok?
a clean break is better than a bad sprain.
I tried to stop myself the moment it came out of my mouth...
thank goodness she didn't think anything of it.
I must be too paranoid.
well she's caught a few snakes and mice and brought them back, but at least she doesnt take it into my bedroom.
That must suck.
That could have ended poorly
Sounds like today humanity fucked up.
Nice one .
I couldn't remember the name of that, but it's what I was thinking the entire thread.
doggygoesruff is an account who contributes nothing but negativity to society.
No body mind what they say.
Nah ...
It wasn't that interesting i have to admit .
Been there before.
It was a difficult assignment, I busted my balls solving it, then forgot it at home.
Should have posted that on , just saying.
Also, say in a loud and authoritative voice to all those watching and giggling that they all ought to be ashamed of themselves.
I know, it was heart-wrenching.
:( I was only eleven at the time, so even if I did muster up enough courage to stand up for him, I don't know what the drunk guy would've done to me.
I'm back in my hometown going to college now, and I saw Tony at 's the other day.
He's still cheerful as ever.
I went to a cajun/seafood restaurant on new years eve one night and on the bathroom doors were a and a Crab.
I was kinda drunk and picked the lobster one.
It wasn't till I walked out of the stall that I saw two women at the sinks, both of them giggling and laughing, that I realized my mistake.
In my defence, and Crab don't really make a whole lot of sense to me.
Why would it go near the water then?
It was remarkably similar, but there were a lot more stall, since there were no urinals.
Did you cut off the finger, or just a hunk of the flesh?
Yes, I'll have a Spicy on herbs and cheese, provolone, toasted, lettuce, tomato, onion, banana peppers, Blood, salt pepper, oregano, parmesan, and oil and vinegar.
you sir clearly do not understand how sensitive a subject this can be.
so here is my advice to you: piss off go and let a guy grab and molest you then come back and comment on this post.
you disgust me
has convinced the masses that love is an emotion.
That was my point.
Love is not an emotion or feeling.
How old are you Op?
april 1?
Sorry you feel that way.
That sucks.
I housesat for my dad once.
When I locked myself out of there, I left all my paraphenalia right on his kitchen table.
My mom had a spare key, but...
I preferred to bust his door down and pay for a new one.
The "fake bloody finger" trick worked a little too well...
for us
Don't let little things like massively sprained ankles get in the way of real life!
Your students probably love you...
I had a teacher like you.
that serious, I just lost a good sliver off the tip of my finger.
It doesn't really look gruesome now that it's been cleaned (and super-glued).
Pics or your dead to me
Way to go for still washing your hands!
That's dedication :P
I love super glue, and I'm so glad that docs discovered it's usefulness in place of stitches.
Time to apply for worker's comp.
possible, it's the logicalrationaltruth
The other night I was out on a date and just as we were leaving the restaurant, I almost walked into the men's restroom in front of him.
"nearly blind guy"
I did something like that.
I used to work at Park (currently known as PARX) as a dishwasher, though I would fill in for other people sometimes.
This day, I was filling in for a commissary employee, and I had to set up the bars before we opened.
Well, long story short, I lifted the bag up, and put my finger into a broken bottle of rum.
I didnt think it was so bad, so I kept working.
At my lunch break, I decided I should go to first aid/felt a wee bit woozy.
That day I learned that require a trip to the E.R.
Well it's good to hear that he's doing great!
We can all learn a lesson from people like Tony.
Dull knives are far more dangerous than sharp knives.
If you have had kitchen knives for more than a few years, take them to a professional sharpener.
The products sold to sharpen knives at home don't work.
Ain't that the truth.
, the knives we have at work are all serrated.
Can these still be sharpened?
90 pound guy?
Is he a little person?
Ask your boss to order the new kind of knives.
We just got some, they have a sharp tip and the serrated edge is much more fine.
they are sharp as fuck.
It most certainly does.
It is the details dude.
Too many details.
I used to be a complete asshat.
I actually punched my wife in the eye.
Our story?
She tripped over the dog and hit her eye on the corner of the wall.
Not saying you did it for real just sounded real familiar.
That sounds just awful.
At least know that most of the people looking were feeling sympathy and not just laughing internally.
Old enough to have done something, I know.
You can go ahead tell me how horrible I am but it wouldn't be of any use because I already feel like total shit.
I had never witnessed anything like that before but if something like that happens again I will absolutely do something about it.
I just don't know what happened to me to allow this to happen at that moment.
It really really upset me but it's my fault for allowing it to.
I'm sorry you had to witness something like that as a child.
I really don't understand some people.
was.
It really sucks.
He didn't deserve to be treated like that.
No one does.
People laugh as you get groped?
this.
The poor guy threw down his bag, slowly walked a bit then turned around to throw back insults but could manage to stutter out some words.
It broke my heart to see that.
I really fucked up.
Also how do I know he's at least "nearly blind"?
I saw him wander into a deep wide but avoidable puddle and try to feel his way out of it.
And this, this is why we have TIFU.
story!
I had a day like that with the uncontrollable puking and the ER and the dehydration...
but that was the day my body decided to give itself celiac disease, I feel your pain.
Do you know what ingredient upset your stomach so bad?
My absolute top speed ever was 32 and after that was everything after was gravy.
This, laughed so hard.
It is sanitary but not for long, its basically an unmolested bacteria playground.
You are 8 days late bro.
Meh, thats fine, I just can't resist throwing two cents at people.
I can't stand when I see people hassling or teasing a person with a mental disability.
Even though he's awesome, he still takes it badly and his self esteem is crushed every day.
I try to stand up for him every time, but she just doesn't stop.
It's really sad how menacing people can be.
Well, I got them.
I laughed.
It's best to just take these kind of things and make light of them.
:P Plus, the bit about pulling the pants up so they get tighter around your ass made me laugh out loud.
Nicely done, sir.
Glad I could help :)
Yeah, I mean, great, he helped his pregnant-as-fuck wife out by taking her to the hospital.
He might have meant well, but he's still completely in the wrong.
Plus, if he would have wrecked, the airbags could have killed both the wife and the baby.
Talk about some imbecilic action.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to fap and drive.
How do you misdirect your anus to the toilet bowl?
Oh god, the humanity.
I feel so sorry for you.
Like, seriously, it's horrible.
Raw egg...
butter...one of the two.
It was in my hair, all over my clothes, and on the bed.
I had to have tried to ingest it.
It had nothing to do with the alcohol, but the alcohol sure didn't help.
Couldn't tell if it was a dehydration headache or just a hangover headache, food poisoning or just my body not liking the tequila, etc.
OH MY GOD glad to know I'm not the only one who did this.
See, what I do when that happens is just skip that hour, read the book that night, and do my presentation the next day.
Works like a charm.
And the teachers don't get too pissed off.
It's like a win-win slacking situation.
there is or there's
"" Nazi fails as a Nazi.
What about a whetstone?
Not always so convenient when you also carry eye drops.
My grandpa mixed up the two...
, but I'm going to hell for thinking so.
Mmmm you gonna finish those?
It's pretty risky, do i cum at the traffic lights and risk being seen or do i cum when i'm driving and crash into a ditch.
I'm going to try it on a roller coaster if i can, that's my dream.
Should'ave stayed in the kitchen...
One looks like...
The other (on its side, maybe) looks like...
Birds tend to shed feathers as a defense against being caught.
One bird has a LOT of feathers, as well.
It's not inconceivable that the little grey bird was the same bird your cat had a bit of fun with.
Good on him/her for finding a nice hiding spot.
Either incredible pain, or confused why the things won't stick together.
They cut off his eyelashes.
Oh my...
The "puking up bile" thing is an outcome I've had a few times after reaching a lower level of existence through alcohol.
I'm not sure if it's in the case where I drink a lot, or if it's in the case where the beer tastes metallic (copper maybe?).
yeah...that wouldn't have flown in this circumstance.
Popped my cork mid-squat - was only about halfway down when everything blew.
I agree with most of the comments but I do understand how you must have been too shocked to realize what was really going on.
It's disgusting how basic human decency can be easily forgotten by all onlookers.
Props to you for realizing your mistake.
Unlike everyone else who was there, you seem genuinely bothered that you couldn't help a fellow human being when they were down.
I prefer to go at it while driving - I can just never maintain a steady speed when in my standard (automatic is an easy out).
my family and i went on vacation to tahiti several years ago, leaving my (then) high school friend to collect the mail and all that stuff.
he'd hang out in my room and play video games.
one day he left the house key in my room and locked himself out.
eventually the fire department came, climbed up to my bedroom's 2nd floor window, and broke in.
I don't get how not locking your phone makes you choose to share and go through your contacts to send it to sis.
Is your dog a 1950's flight attendant?
I found this subreddit only a couple days ago.
I just realized you guys probably get this one here all the time.
I am having the same problem!
Can I ask where you got your name from?
DM;HF
I have a few friends that deal with the arcane and I like having something that reminds me of them (since they never talk to me or visit!).
thenn...
oakey oakey mi hole pooint is thar is to many poeple on tha intawebb thunking thar cleever macing fun off otther poeples spollung and pun-chew-asions @%/!
ay four one canne bee bothard wit soch trivaular mitters!
Shit happens.
This is the correct answer.
This is the one, single time in history that this of all things is the correct answer.
Please forgive my ignorance, but what does that stand for?
I searched the interwebs, but couldn't find it.
to my sister you're lucky then, almost anything raw thats not a vegetable or fruit has the potential to have parasites and bacteria in it.
Though eggs are screened at factories theres always potential for slipups.
Not sure if I should laugh, or be concerned for your employment status...
I hate the word ointment, just no.
"Fire and brimstone atheist".
Have an upvote, friend, for one of the best oxymorons I've ever stumbled upon.
If you hit me with your car I'll chop your penis off with a machet.
Just sayin.
You're learning the ways of reddit, young one, but not the ways of your studies.
Screw stitches I just use duct tape!
My girlfriend would kill me if I took a goddamn picture when we were having sex.
Is it wrong to have laughed at this?
BTW, just heard a news story on NPR today about bulemia, and the vomiting profoundly affects electrolytes and can kill.
Even a single purge is what the guy said!
Yeah, I was pretty annoyed the next day.
On the bright side, I got some cool shirts...
i guess.
The big fuck-up was the drunk driving.
You're lucky you didn't kill anyone.
So you're at work, posting about something you fucked up while at work?
Balls.
This man got 'em.
That...That's deep, man.
I would have probably walked up and blindsided the homeless fuck.
I second using pot as a cure for this.
Worked for me.
Oh, by the way sorry I was a dick with my comments there.
As it happens my love interest is also heavily religious (her father's a pastor).
I've also had moments of being an angry atheist with her so I'm really not in a position to judge you.
I'm just lucky she's more understanding than your femme fatale
Bravo.
I skimmed and didn't do the math.
Fuck her/him for driving drunk.
S/he should have called the EMS.
Well, a hangover headache pretty much is a dehydration headache.
I can dig it
The timeline for this was across the span of 8 hours.
I began throwing up at about 2 in the morning and it continued until the early morning.
By the time I drove, I was sober.
I was just weak from dehydration at that point.
TYFU by submitting a cliche title and having an entirely new rule written because of it.
I just imagined after you snip your balls, the tesicles actually just hang out of the sack.
...I have a fucked up mind.
I have to say, been there.
Damn.
HEEEYYYOOO!
I agree.
It is not a unique fuck up.
See his edit, he wasn't drunk by then
Done this by accident before.
It hurts when it's too full...
Ahh, in the words of , never mind...
About what time did you have your last drink?
What about getting caught up in Reddit and completely missing an important event?
So Reddit replaces the important event instead of replacing the planning for said event (which is temporarily banned by this rule).
It's a bit anti-reddit to get so hands-on moderating submissions, but I can't blame you one bit for this.
The community is still too small to regulate itself, and too new to think that joke is passe.
As long as it isn't enforced with an iron fist, there's no real problem with it.
Not at all.
Laugh on!
around midnight...I ate the handful of cookies after that.
I was at the ER by 8 AM
There's always going to be a bit of leniency, we wouldn't remove a post for something like that.
Edit for clarification: This rule would only cover procrastination as a result of redditing, so missing an event would not be included.
I only say this because in my original comment, it kinda sounds like what you described was an exception, but it won't effected whatsoever by the new rule.
This is completely right.
All of these types of posts are lame and easily predictable.
Um...
Would I be breaking the rules if I submit this?
I have done this before, zero people saw, I felt retarded 100% of the time.
Fair enough.
My apologies for the accusation.
are always schemin'
Roll it up and stuff it in an empty pack of smokes..
prevent problems
Read rule 3 and 4...
and 5, and 6.
I could definitely see "I reddited through my wedding" as being unique, even if general "I got sucked into reddit" posts are taboo.
You didn't really fuck up.
Don't make it a big deal.
happens.
bows
Oh man you have a whole lot of disappointment to look forward to in life if you think THIS is fucking up.
Why not let the community upvote and downvote what it thinks are good submissions or not?
You never know, someone might have found a unique way to waste time on reddit, or an interesting/amusing way of expressing it, etc.
I don't see any reason for this new rule, and it's unclear how it will be enforced.
TL;DR: Devil's advocate viewpoint that most of you will probably downvote based on disagreeing with it even though it contributes to the discussion.
Is this a supportive subreddit?
Or a funny one?
I really want to say something like, she'll be easy to catch if she's overweight.
But if it's going to be insensitive I'll just keep my mouth shut.
cameras can see it.
We are using a very hands-off moderating strategy here.
We won't remove posts if they are unique, just because they include procrastinating on Reddit.
It will be a very lenient rule, it's different and interesting, we'll allow it.
The reason for the rule is that people upvote because they can relate to it, not because it's interesting or unique or a huge fuck-up.
That's not the idea of the subreddit, and sometimes what the votes decide is not what the subreddit is for.
It's kinda like the DAE rule,"DAE breath air" is relatable, but not the point of the subreddit.
Other than the lost weed, I see no issue here.
Maybe the other guy/gal might smoke you out and give it back
What they don't know won't hurt 'em.
people upvote because they can relate to it, not because it's interesting
IMO that's an oxymoron.
People are interested by things that they can relate to.
I do appreciate your assurance of leniency.
But I take it you will be removing posts that are otherwise on-topic based on the mods' unilateral and subjective judgment of what's interesting or not.
No matter how lenient, that strikes me as at least potentially abusive.
As a rule, I'm against even potential abuses of power.
They are interested in it because they relate to it, not because it's an interesting fuck-up to read about.
This subreddit isn't () (Today I Did That You Can Relate To).
If they are upvoting on the basis that they can relate to it, they aren't promoting the purpose of the subreddit.
This is not an abuse of mod power, and our judgment on whether or not a post is worthy is no worse than yours, even if it does differ.
of the gap in interpretation, we will play a bit of devil's advocate so that we're sure it's a violation of the rules.
no posts will come that close, as users will see the rules first.
Ouch, you didn't fuck up.
She fucked up by losing you bud.
Cheer up buddy.
And there's plenty of shrimps in the sea.
Which, incidentally, is how to test a remote control to see if it's working.
Take it to a dark room, point your camera at it, look on the LCD display to see whether you press buttons and see flashes.
This isnt fmylife.com
Can I post a TIFU about how TIFU by posting a "TIFU by wasting my time on reddit"?
It doesn't even need to be a dark room; on the LCD you can see a whitish-blue light coming out if you point the remote at the camera lens
Red says "YOU'RE A DUMBASS, !"
Hah, looks like Steve left me present, y'oink!
chase what happens
And zooplankton tons of zooplankton
Yell real loud
You put your cards on the table, and that's what you should have done regardless of how it played out.
Now at least you won't be bitching about the friend zone, or always wishing you would have done what you just did!
Just do this more often, it will work out eventually.
Easier said then done, but it's still true.
You should of followed them and finished like a boss
Go to the fucking cops
There are some things reddit doesn't need to know about
Was it face-time, did you text something sexual back, im confused
boss probably took some, i mean, you do work in a tech dept right ?
Is that the weird chocalate milk shit
They are interested in it because they relate to it, not because it's an interesting fuck-up to read about.
In your opinion.
if everyone felt this way, these posts wouldn't get upvoted.
If they are upvoting on the basis that they can relate to it, they aren't promoting the purpose of the subreddit.
I disagree.
As long as they're posting about something that they fucked up today, that promotes the purpose of the subreddit.
If that post then gets upvoted, that means the community thinks it was sufficiently interesting; if it gets downvoted, that means the opposite.
I don't think it should be the mods' job to supplant their judgment for that of the community.
our judgment on whether or not a post is worthy is no worse than yours
No, but it is more powerful.
All I can do is upvote or downvote, you can remove posts completely.
This is not an abuse of mod power
yet.
You've shown more guts than alot of people I know.
me.
You didn't fuck up too bad man.
The right one will come along and you've already proven your brave enough to tell her.
your lucky he didn't just pocket the whole thing, I think most kids would
Dont worry, I had it happen to me a month ago...
Turns out the girl was a total bitch...
I'm onto someone new so wish me luck :o
I'm a girl dude
It blew my mind when I noticed a little panel on my laptop flashing on my camera.
I tried to build an IR receiver for my computer once, and pretty much ended up doing the same thing.
Turns out it is NOT cheaper to buy random electronic equipment from the right down the street, and even if it were, they probably don't have exactly what you need anyway.
And then there was the time when I was a kid, when I threw out the ring pop and kept the wrapper.
You can imagine the look on my face when THAT happened :(
So what you're saying is it's somehow easier to get salmonella from raw eggs anywhere but Canada?
I'm kind of skeptical that you spent an hour building something without knowing what it was intended to do.
I read a lot of Anton LaVey's stuff a few years ago and your name made me think of him.
"TIFU: My wife was going into labor but I had only just gotten halfway through page 2"
Sounds like a sacred shot to me.
If anything, you sanitized it for them!
Grain alcohol is a wonderful cleaner.
U did not fk up.
You were a man and did what you had to do.
You would have regretted not having told her far more than losing her as a 'friend'.
You should have submitted this to
aww.
it was just a mistake and at least the guy didn't get worked up and start screaming.
At least the guy was creative :)
Lol, I can hear the "oof!", with the wheezing, and the coughing...
Used to wrestle 171.
Got firemans carried, dude smashed my balls.
Feels bad, man.
Good news, you found your catalyst for getting your ass out of their house.
Fast.
You've obviously never purchased an Ikea product.
More likely that OP was working on it and sort of hit a Zen state where the building itself was what existed primarily.
I'm a guy who has trouble putting together any DIY thing.
So, the few times I have tried DIY Tech...
well...
it did not go too well for me.
When that happens I can totally sympathize with this sort of problem...
Doesn't Matter; Had Fap
I knew what it was intended for, I was trying to building one for an interactive white board.
I got this idea from the Ed Tech sub reddit, but I failed to realize that an IR light is not visible to the naked eye.
Crazy guy, that.
I run into his name a lot these days.
Now I have something to astound my friends with!
well, on the bright side, it did get you the "fuck up of the week" title now, didn't it?
thats sickening.
atleast you should'hv offered the guy food
balls ..
grow em and stand up for the little guys who need help ..
it isnt hard.
its the easiest thing to do because you automatically know that its the right thing to do.
i'd call it "we're all pussies who are too scared to do the right thing" effect
fuckin zombies man...classifying and associating a name to it ...
what the fuck would that achieve ?
That guy wins.
I'm sorry.
stop being a smartass
the above statement can be applied to almost everything bad on this planet...however the statement would make you look like a complete asshole.
for example:
someone got raped - I think you are over reacting, the victim probably enjoyed it... people can stick up for themselves.
child molestation - I think you are over reacting, the kid probably enjoyed it... kids can stick up for themselves.
someone was brutally murdered - I think you are over reacting, the victim and his family probably enjoyed it... people can stick up for themselves.
world war 1 - I think you are over reacting, the martyrs probably enjoyed it... soldiers can stick up for themselves.
the holocaust - I think you are over reacting, the jews probably enjoyed it... the jews can stick up for themselves.
PS - go fuck yourself asshole.
And while you're at it, do tell me, if people can really stick up for themselves, why do bad things keep happening in the world ?
you ought to have had the owner of the market kick the molester out.
what is it like bro ?
are there ponies and rainbows and other girly stuff in there ?
I have never lost my presence of mind, not at-least while I am out.
So I have never ventured into the unknown till now, nor do I plan to do so.
So, it it is up to you my good fellow to let us know the dirty details.
thought.
But is that really true ?
I've had a few bad sprains, but no broken bones.
Each time with a different doctor, and each one said this.
Don't tell them.
Simple.
All good.
Trust me.
File a police report.
No pressing charges necessary.
First, I'm a chick.
I used to be 215 and now I'm 135.
Hard work and stress.
"No, that dress doesn't make you look fat, your fat makes you look fat."
The best answer you could have given her: Your beautiful no matter what your weight is.
I realize thats not a direct answer to the questions subject, but it'll probably satiate the moment.
We call zombies zombies.
Naming humanity's flaws allows us to diagnose ourselves and actively work against physiological phenomena like these.
People suck.
They will always suck.
But if they can recognise that fact, they will actively endeavour to not suck when it matters most.
is also a diuretic.
Is the whole reason I avoid it right before bed.
Brain injury also makes it difficult to get up and go in the middle of the night without falling over.
Even more so!
I've received an Ikea product as a gift.
I think it was a food storage cabinet for rotting fish.
Or is that the wrong country?
' country' is enough.
cleansed it.
it's all good.
and apples?
Wait wait.
She's in congress?
R/athiesm.
Simple solution.
No dude.
You would have lost her anyway.
Trust me, somewhere out there is a best female friend that you get to have forever, and not share with some other guy.
That's the one you try your best to keep.
You really fucked up.
Any bruises from faceplant ?
I swear I'm not kidding.
Thank god i got my lunches switched.
I left my mom's car door literally open all night one time, in a bad neighborhood.
No freaking clue how nothing got stolen.
Maybe if at all possible, you can tell an authority figure?
Get him removed from the environment?
The first homeless man you mentioned just seemed to be minding his own business and didn't deserve any of that, obviously.
The second guy shouldn't be allowed there, or SOMETHING.
Maybe this isn't even possible for this situation, I don't know.
I DO know that something should be done, and if that means confronting the second man about his actions yourself, please do.
nah it was just grass and I rolled out.
I just felt like an idiot.
(thankfully no one saw)
Thanks, dad, I had no idea.
But way to miss the reference there.
5-Hour Energy DOES have caffeine though.
I left my mom's car trunk open in a rural area with a bunch of food inside before a long car trip.
ate everything.
GET OFF MY LAWN!
though, I've never seen .
ducks
My mom doesn't let me drive her car.
You didn't know she had a boyfriend, you did nothing wrong.
I'LL STAND ON YOUR GODDAMN LAWN IF I FUCKING WANT TO!!1 But really, if you like sci-fi in the least I would highly recommend it.
In fact, I would say its viewing is mandatory.
Just prepare to be extremely disappointed when it ends after only fourteen episodes.
I'm so afraid that it's been over-hyped and I'll be expecting too much though.
I'll check it out, just because my day was crappy and I need something neat to look forward to.
The good news is, even a 50% failure is much, much better than a 0.
A 0 is basically not possible to recover from, while a 50% on one exam is still possible to turn into a C or even a B.
, soldier.
I crashed my mom's car into a phone pole.
Funny, I crashed a phone pole into my mom.
yessir!
Good times!
I crashed my dad's car against a wall in underground parking.
2 days before the accident, I was making fun of a girl because she hit her car against the wall in underground parking.
Her damage: 250$, My damage: 9K $
I was not the victim.
It was around 3AM in the morning.
My mates and me were sitting in our dorm on a couch, talking.
One of my mates starts making weird, high toned noises: Meeew, meeeuw.
We ask him why is he doing that.
Then he starts shouting: guys, go get a bucket of water, call greenpeace.
We ask him what he is talking about.
He points out of window.
Where a fat drunk chick was lying at the end of stairs.
no you didn't.
try and talk about it.
say you don't want to lose a friendship over something stupid like that.
don't be a retard, you retard.
I laughed :D
what was damaged
Well, what I could see and remember, it was basically a regular bathroom without urinals and a lot of stalls.
This one didn't, but I hear other girl's bathrooms have vending machines for things that deal with those mysterious lady parts.
I once tripped over a cord and fell into a thousand dollar guitar.
Don't be silly.
Would this be classed as a burn?
I drank out of an old boot lastnight, you have nothing to worry about.
so far i've noticed nothing damaged.
and it actually doesn't look too bad now
I just built one of those for a science fair project, pretty cool stuff.
Are you using the wiiremote idea?
Ha, I saw something similar to this today.
Was it any chance in the Boston area?
Nope, up in New ...
like an hour away.
I was moving from one state to another by plane and knew that my flight left at 1:04 and never bothered double checking.
Got to the airport at 11:30 only to find out my flight leaves at 12:12.
I'm sure the fine people over in NSFL would love to see a picture of this.
As opposed to leaving it figuratively open?
I figured people would just think I left it unlocked, which was literally not the case.
As I've been told, I feel off a pool table once.
The kicker is I was actually sitting down then just toppled over to the floor.
Had a rug burn mark on my forehead for a week.
I know dat Food bro.
Took my girlfriend out to a nice dinner at the restaurant we went to for our first high-school dance together.
It was four years since we were there together.
Of course I ordered Shrimp Pasta.
I was up for hours puking and shitting liquid.
afterwards ( that away).
The entrances to the locker room at my gym look pretty much the same.
I was playing on my phone one day and walked into the guys locker room.
I didn't realized until I looked up and their was urinals in the bathroom section.
I felt like the biggest ass having to walk back through the changing rooms.
Got Drunk, Fell Down - Day #2
Church lady asked, "What happened to your eyes and nose?"
I said, "Got drunk, fell down."
She replied, "Got drunk, fell down?"
Again, today I contemplated the stupid question that I already answered, and then said, "If you have a second, I'll bore you with the details?"
"Of course, how did you hurt yourself you poor child?"
"Well, I was volunteering at the yesterday, in the church name of course, when I was attacked by a very large, angry, lunch lady with a ladle and serving fork!"
"Yeah, apparently she was informed of her dismissal for having sex with other volunteers then went stark raving mad.
She came running out of the office, right at me, flailing about, wearing a hair net and ill-fitting white uniform, freaking out.
I could tell she was crazy just by the look in her eyes.
I took off running toward the nearest exit.
But, she was pretty sure footed for a fatty.
She chased me down three flights of stairs with VA Police in hot pursuit right behind her, screaming at her, and into their radios.
I was scared to death - thinking 'oh Jesus, not like this, HELP!'"
"Oh my Lord!"
"Yes, my thoughts exactly.
At the basement flight, one of the Police opened the door into the stairway as I was trying to make my escape out of the stairway.
The door caught me right in the beak, breaking my nose.
I was knocked off my feet, with lunch lady falling right on top of me.
She was so drunk, it only took a couple of Police to subdue her, but my whole body paid the price from her, the cops, and me falling down.
It was in today's newspaper, you didn't read about it?"
"The headline read: 'Ladle wielding drunk sex fiend felled by VAPD'"
Church lady looked confused.
She must have been thinking, 'Surely, such a tall tale would not be told in church.' As I walked away:
"Like I said, 'Got drunk, fell down.'"
: What's your best GDFD story, real or not?
TIFU of the week.
the mateo agrees
50% is a fail in the states?
It's 40% to pass here.
What do you have to get to pass?
Silly billy.
Well now you know.
Infra-red means "bellow red" because it's lower frequency than red light, which is the lowest frequency light we can see.
ultra-violet is "above violet" because violet is the highest frequency light we can see.
Could possibly get a ubuntu live CD and use a usb stick to move some of the files.
Not 100% sure if it'll work though, I've never used a live CD in this type of situation.
Sounds possible, aslong as the live CD is able to use inserted USB sticks, not a bad idea, hell why not use a Live CD on a bootable USB stick.
first world complaint
Well I'm happy to say I got it working!
stuff and free (well the software atleast).
It's really an amazing cost effective alternative to smart boards.
Maybe you should revise your definition of "in the middle of nowhere".
I managed to get it to boot to the login screen, it wouldn't log in though.
the SSH server was able to start.
I sshd in and fixed it.
Over 65% Not hard to do usually...
70% gets you the highest possible grade in my course.
...in engineering?
Cause that's normal for engineering here.
This was an course.
. stupid non-major classes.
in .
Boss: When can one lose control and not be able to help it?
: A man might lose control over his cab when he sneezed.
Boss: .
You are not alone.
On a completely separate note, it is now illegal to sneeze and drive.
Expect 50 million infomercials soon.
I totally understand.
I sneeze in series (usu.
between 5-10 sneezes in a row).
I figure this is how I will die some day.
Sneeze going into a turn and not making it.
Very sorry dude, but why can't you stay friends ?
Good luck !
You still didn't do anything wrong.
Just apologize.
These guys are really into forgiveness and stuff, right ?
That should work.
It does.
Why does everybody makes such a big deal about religion ?
It's like people who like strawberries and people who don't, why couldn't them be together, or just friends ?
I think you are terribly wrong.
You guys are the reason I will never let any of my kids drive my car.
My rule will be get a job in high school, save up, buy a beater and I'll help you fix it.
Make sure there's no pepper in those take out bags.
It could be disastrous if one of them tore open.
you have to post an update when you get fired!
I guess this fear is more rational than I thought.
what an awesome obscure reference.
When you sneeze, what do you do?
Most colleges work on the 10 point scale.
For in major courses, you usually require a 70 or above for it to count.
Out of major is 60 and above.
that's the same reason/excuse the guy who anal raped my car (with an suv) used.
I'm still kinda bitter over it due to i still don't have a car even though its been 3 years.
Just drink more at school, It'll be your best (and probably only) shot.
Once, during an opera at the Dallas operahouse, I sneezed so loudly that a child actor on stage had to hide her face from the audience because she was laughing at it.
I was in the back row of the balcony.
I sympathize.
I didn't...
upvote for you, good sir.
This is one of my biggest fears
Same.
I'm so afraid I'll do this!
One time I sneezed while driving through the Tunnel in NYC...
I thought that was the end of me.
Sucks that happened to you, though :/
I'm sorry, that was my comment, and I didn't realize what a total asshole I was being, so I deleted it to spare all readers of this post from reading my asshole remark.
Once again, I'm sorry and your post was very funny.
At school, the girls lockers in the locker rooms are smaller because they don't have to accommodate football equipment, and it smells nicer.
That's all I've noticed (my reason for being in the girls locker room is that the entrance to the uniform room for track is in there, and nobody was changing).
Sounds like a Fuck Up of the Week.
Shitty balls, man.
Was the break problem there before you started working on it?
if it was, then he fucked up for not telling you.
Don't be anorexic.
to the customer, "it had never done that before." It wasn't something I caused for sure, but it's basically a lose-lose.
I worked on the bike, customer rides it, customer crashes because of mechanical problem.
Go and sin no more..
I sneezed and jizzed myself once..
That compares right?
"And that, children, is gravity!"
Just FYI, if you feel a sneeze coming and you want to stop it, push your tongue into the roof of your mouth.
If you feel like you have to sneeze but you can't, stare into a bright light.
the first one could save your life.
This is one of my biggest allergy related fears, I'm so sorry, are you and the car ok?
My boyfriend sneezes in 3s and he sneezes hard.
When he does it while he's driving it always scares the crap out of me.
Thanks for confirming my fears!
What's the deets?
Im using that as an excuse when I hit something...
Sounds like your customer is screwing you over.
Either way, my condolences.
Got Drunk, Fell Down - Day #3
Upon arrival at work this morning, a colleague inquired, "Oh shit, you face is a mess.
What happened?"
I said, "Got drunk, fell down."
He replied, "How the hell did you do that?"
Once again, I had to tell a tale because I had no idea how I actually broke my nose.
"I finally built that gazebo I've been telling you about.
First, when Bud and I picked up the lumber, he swung a board around and..."
"You caught it in the face, Huh?"
I acted animated and disgusted at Bud's stupidity (BTW, I don't know anyone named Bud).
My colleague just stood there shaking his head, taking in the whole idiotic story.
I said, "To make a long story short, while we were framing up the gazebo, Bud slipped with his hammer and it went flying at my..."
"He hit you in the face with a hammer?"
The chest.
So, I had to have another stern lengthy discussion with him." Again, I just kept talking and he just kept shaking his head up and down, in awe.
"Anyway, when we put the roof framing up, I was using a pneumatic nail gun..."
"The gun kicked and got you huh?"
I put a nail through my middle finger.
See!" I flipped him off to properly display a bandage I had on my middle finger from an entirely unrelated paper cut event.
He finally got impatient and asked, "Your face!
You got drunk, and then what happened?"
"I never said I got drunk.
After we returned the extra lumber, I opened my door at the same time some drunk driver over shot the parking space directly across from my truck, hitting the front end.
I was knocked off my feet by the truck door jamb hitting my face."
"That's it?"
Like I said, 'Got drunk, fell down.'"
He walked away in utter disgust!
: What's your best GDFD story, real or not?
in the hopes that that slang will NEVER catch on.
It's not so much a TIFU as it is an unfortunate thing.
My condolances and upvotes are yours
When I was learning to drive, I was afraid this would happen one day.
Since then, I have managed to sneeze few times while driving and I've managed to suppress my sneezes enough to prevent losing control of the wheel.
Still worries me, though.
Oh boy, have I been there too, except with Pepsi Max instead of Dew.
That is an AMAZING mental image.
At least your alternator had plenty of time to charge your battery: D
This takes the cake, then proceeds to smash it in the ground so no one can have any.
It's called an apocopation.
Like cig for cigarette, gas for gasoline, or even clit for clitoris.
And I'm pretty sure it was only popular in the early 60s, so I guess it's due to catch back on.
for breaking rule 1.
Please resubmit.
browsing should keep you covered (yes, like a condom).
my ass off picturing a roller coaster photo of a dude with his cock in his hands!
The helmet seems a bit mocking.
"Oh, you flew over the handlebars?
Here, this should help.
Well, he demanded a new one.
upvote for the fuck up.
The customer was right on that one, but what a jerk--creating more work for the minimum wage worker.
I would have just put them on my tray.
I hate pickles too.
that was my thought on it.
we are doing it right now.
taco and spilling jokes and mixing it with diseases, but I feel bad for you.
the taco because no taco should go wasted.
Is the taco okay?
We talking wide open?
Or just closed over, but not actually shut.
I'm confused as to what type of brake problem would toss you over the bars.
Even hydraulic discs won't lock up on their own.
Did he not just squeeze the lever too hard?
OMG, Today I hit the jackpot.
Found this SD card with a bunch of fanatical porn!
it's awesome!
Edit: Wasn't an SD Car :(
give it baaack :) Or at least give me a copy lol
A "friendship" with someone you have a crush on never ends well.
Just be please it broke of this soon and without undue drama.
Which is weird, most modern cars have a safety feature that if your keys are in the ignition, the doors will open or something.
Oh wait this is Reddit, everyone is a poor college student.
My alarm system is a post manufacturer one, and it usually locks if you turn the car on with the doors closed, but stay unlocked if you turn it on when the door is open.
For some reason, despite turning it on with the door open, it decided to lock itself.
Most likely due to the battery being out of power.
Makes sense.
I guess.
...sorta
This made me laugh out loud.
I find your lack of "e" very unintimidating.
Hahaha, this happened to me too...did I go on reddit and whine like a bitch?
No, I crowbarred the fucking door open, like a boss!
Ehm?
Really, you have porn from EVERY girl you've ever known?
You'll definitely have to leave the country when your girlfriend finds the naked photos of your grandma.
I was getting really hammered up at Umass , and for some reason the large group I was with decided to walk to a friend's house that was off campus.
It was like a 20 minute walk, I was progressively getting more and more drunk the whole time.
We start walking towards a small bridge with sidewalks that were slightly higher than the road, and the street side of the side walks had like this raised concrete lip.
Drunk me decided that it would be fun to try to walk across this like I was a gymnast on a beam.
I made it about two steps and flew off, rolling on the ground, and instantly shot back up exclaiming how I had saved my beer.
My friend behind me laughed his ass off at me for a while.
You're fantastic.
Really.
My aunt is an amputee too, I would still laugh at this joke...
or even if I didn't find it particularly funny, I wouldn't try to make you feel bad.
My aunt is always making jokes about her disability and laughs with the ones I make as we both love dark humour.
I think this is more a problem with a mismatch of sense of humours.
You clearly enjoy a bit of inappropriate humour and this girl doesn't - which is fine.
I wouldn't feel too bad about it.
Wide open, like I literally removed the door from the frame and forgot to replace it.
No offense, but as a girl I'm really glad I don't know you.
Took me a minute but :D
Where's relevant rule34 when you need him...
Vodka is the holiest of water :D
Sorry you feel like you fucked up.
It is good to have morals and integrity.
You forgot to replace it?
But maybe you do!
And if so, you're probably on there.
Pretty much...
I'm still freaked out.
She and I are both 18 but still...
she played you like a violin...
Oh god I know that feeling too well, a side effect of being nice and letting my friends and family borrow my computer with half-assed hidden porn folders.
I watch and tend to say, "OH IT MIGHT BE IN THAT FOLDER" while thinking to myself (don't click on that, don't click on that...).
Good luck sir!
Next time I suppose clean it out as soon as possible and try not to forget haha.
Yeah, that thought definitely crossed my mind.
no worries.
i dont even know what it said.
thanks for the pictures.
i love stories with pictures!
pretty sure having a collection of received nudes isnt that uncommon.
(i know more girls that like to collect than dudes)
That makes sense -- as a girl, I know I receive a surprising amount of dickpictures in spite of being a rather old girl.
It's almost like lots of guys enjoy showing their penises to anyone who'll look.
I found an sd card about four hours ago, and immediately checked its contents after seeing this post.
No porn.
I don't get that at all, personally.
After I made that comment I realized it probably only seemed like a lot, it was really more like 4 or maybe 5 ...
no, wait, at least 7 ...
eh, no, I guess it really is a lot.
I project an air of wanting to see penises.
Or I hang out with weirdos?
disclaimer: i am probably exaggerating in the interest of attempting to be amusing or funny.
Got Drunk, Fell Down - Day #4
I finally saw the doctor today.
He asked me how I injured my nose.
He replied, "What the hell did you hit?"
Since I have no idea, I told him a little fib for the fun of it:
"Doc, I want to be a professional flying trapeze artist.
Four days ago, I got my little leotard on and climbed that ladder to the highest platform.
I grabbed the bar and cast out.
All was going well, until the catcher and I missed each other.
Did you know that the flying trapeze was invented in the mid-19th century in France by Jules ?"
"A, No.
Didn't you land in a net?"
"Of course.
Do you think I'm stupid?
I bounced out of the net to my feet and went for it again.
Back up that ladder.
Got right back on that horse!
Cool stuff, right?"
"How'd you break your nose?"
"To make a long story short, the catcher, who hangs by his or her knees on another trapeze, which was also swinging, kept missing me.
So, I kept climbing back up.
, I started to get upset after about a dozen misses.
I was screaming at him from the ground and gesturing some obscenities.
He flipped me off!
That was it; I called him out because I was going to kick his butt." The doctor just kept checking his watch and exhaling to show his impatience.
I just kept talking.
Screw him, four days to get an appointment and I waited an hour and a half for him.
I was the last appointment of the day and seeing how he liked waiting.
The doc started to write on my chart, "So, you got punched in the face for being an ass?"
I kicked his butt, and then a few of us had beers at the local watering hole."
"WHAT does any of this have to do with your nose?"
"My nose?"
"When I was walking home from the bar, a guy ran into me on his bike on the sidewalk.
I refused to yield and he wouldn't go around on the grass.
He hit me so hard I fell into the street."
"That's it?
A guy ran into you with his bike, breaking your nose!"
"No, the clown car broke my nose."
"The clown car, from the trapeze school.
I didn't tell you that part?" He just shook his head in disgust.
"The clown car was racing up the road, slammed on its breaks, but still hit me.
Just the bumper, big rubber one, hit me right in the face after I fell."
"You want me to write on this chart that you got hit by a clown car after flying trapeze lessons and expect your insurance company to pay me."
"Hey doc, it's the truth.
There's like eighteen clown witnesses that were in the car.
It took the police forever to do the report.
You want to read it?"
"Like I said Doc, 'Got drunk, fell down.'"
I guess that would be correct if his grandma sent him pictures...
It was a linear pull brake.
The rivet that attached the cable head holder to the lever was raised, and it was catching on the lever body.
discs are a whole new world of issues on bikes.
Had another customer a few weeks ago that had both of his dragging on the rotors.
Turns out air had leaked in, and being DOT fluid, it swelled up with moisture.
Guy has a nice rotor-print on his thumb now from where he touched it.
I find it improbable that it was the sole cause of the accident, but I have no way to know for sure.
How dare you
What a bitch.
That sucks..
I'm just impressed how much effort you put into avoiding littering.
backups backups.
I hope you find it.
To everyone offended: get over it.
They SENT HIM the pictures ON PURPOSE, its not like hes all creepy in a tree outside their window.
i loved the pictures.
did the last one mean shes going to ritually kill you like dexter would?
No, the last one means that my only chance at being with her is if I lock her in a cage in the everglades.
are the best way for me to describe a situation...
since I'm the true life version of Larry David.
I can Digg it
Fuck up of the week.
I have always been terrified of this, AND I had just talked myself into thinking I was being unreasonable.
Just fuck.
I really don't know what I would do.
just die.
Why were you carrying around porn?
Lesson?
Always wash on cold.
I'm impressed that he needed at least a dozen condoms on one night, and that each of them needed to be tied off.
Like...clean out your car once in a while
I remember when my grandmother did this.
I laughed hysterically.
Do you know what a trash can is?
nasty.
Pics or didn't happen
This happened years ago, and the scar is just as white as the rest of my skin.
It's glossy IRL, but doesn't translate through a camera phone.
A mod encouraged me to post the story as a TIFU, after I asked about expanding the guidelines of the sub.
She should be grateful you didn't make a double-amputee joke.
I clean out my car often, I just forget about the glove box...
I rarely use it but now I'm going to have to check it before I take anyone in my car ever.
I do the same thing with my computer, except all my porn is online so that's a quick CTRL-H, CTRL-A, delete, enter.
I feel really awkward about saying this but my girlfriend gets really really horny during shark week...
That whole night btw was to make up for me getting on her bad side during said week.
bet you wont forget again
Damn straight!
that would suck getting trolled with a used condom
Pack your things and move away.
That's why I said "I fucked up" :P
With my luck it would happen though D:
Why the fuck do you have used condoms in your car?!
You must be a dirty motherfucker!
You totally deserved that one!
Clean up after your damn self!
Did you even read the post?
Time to divert...
A few weeks ago, my girlfriend and I were having a great night.
I took her to dinner and a movie and, well she had plans for after that involved my car and a very out-of-the-way area of town. to say, we used a lot of condoms that night.
I didn't think that was possible.
Sounds like you want this to happen.
It's not that I want it to happen...
it's that I expect it to happen.
I dunno, between adrenaline and sheer terror of a big fucking dog chasing you, I think 40 could be achieved.
I agree that it's good to have morals and integrity, but you should have been looking for another job while you were compiling notes on the behaviour.
You could have had another one lined up already and still would be able to report them.
Also, does the company not have a hotline in which you can report that sort of behaviour but is anonymous?
Click "Remove Older " Yes
Click " Tasks"
Check the box for the following:
Remove Usless JRE Files
Remove Entry
Remove Sun
Remove Java IE BHO
Remove Java
Click "Go" and then OK a bunch.
Click Search for .
Try Update using JUCHECK.EXE
If that doesn't work close JavaRa, go to ( in , click the big button, download and run the installer.
Once it's installed, go in to each of your other browsers and do step 8 again, just do IE first, and DO NOT skip IE.
and pick up some foot lice powder just in case
he means that he will never look at you with his brown eye again
You must have been egg-sausted cleaning this up?
Your first reaction to this chaos is "MUST POST ON REDDIT"?
That is not something you should be awkward about saying.
That is something you should be shouting with pride from the rooftops.
exactly my first thought
This cracked me up.
Got Drunk, Fell Down - Day #5
At the grocery store today, a clerk friend of mine made an ugly face while staring at my nose and asked what happened.
"Got drunk, fell down."
She said, "You look like an ugly raccoon."
"You look like your two chins made love, giving birth to a new baby chin."
"Your nose looks like it's scared and running from your face."
I said, "You should wear a bra.
You look as if you have two shot puts hanging from rope swings under your shirt."
She asked, "How did you really break your nose?"
Since I have no idea, I said:
"A large woman showed up drunk at the gym wearing spandex and a magic bra.
Didn't look so 'Magic'.
The staff of skinny minnies tried to throw her out, but when she fought back, she was quite bendy and strong.
Both garments exploded during the tussle.
I was within the blast radius and my nose was hit with elastic shrapnel, knocking me unconscious, as I fell."
She replied, "o.k.
funny boy, dinner at your place at 7, sex at 8, a sleep by 8:02p.m.
tonight?"
Don't forget to trim your ear, nose, and nipple hairs."
As I walked away, I reiterated - see, "Got drunk, fell down."
[I'll keep that in mind for next time, friend](
I know that feel, i think i may have damaged my systems ability to recover itself.
oh i see..."shark week"
ha see with major ADHD caffine ats as a supressent so it dosent keep me up
I was quick to clean all that up.
What an egg-cellent pun.
Glad I'm not the only one!
After telling my husband of my fuck up, his response was, "go get your karma."
Also a
I don't feel bad as much as I do incredibly awkward.
I live in an incredibly rural area and I'm sure I'll be labeled the amputee hater soon enough.
hysterically was probably the most inappropriate thing that I've ever done.
I had a similar thing happen a few years ago.
I was hard boiling some eggs and had one or two that wernt totally cooked yet so I put them in the microwave to finish them off without thinking much of it.
Took them out, rinsed them to cool them off and the one in my hand exploded all over my face and the entire room.
Those things have a surprising amount of force.
I thought to myself, "So this is how I die", and then realized what a huge idiot I had been.
I did this with a pot of pasta.
I walked to our school canteen and had pasta in my hand then someone walked into me and I spilled it all over the floor.
It least it wasn't your fault.
my grandmother did this less than a month ago.
There was egg.
EVERYWHERE.
on the ceiling, floor, behind the stove, on the top of the ceiling fan.
I'm not yolking when I say we still find more egg at least once a week.
Fair enough
I don't make hard boiled eggs much, so I don't know how hot/sticky they get, but this sounds like a great way to get some really nasty burns.
Just boiling hot egg bits all over your face and arms.
Yea, kinda messed up my neck.
Why would you go to sonic?
Thats the TIFU part
You better check yo'self before you patronize a lessor food establishment.
Sonic is awesome.
First time I went I got tater tots with chili and a band aid.
Never went back.
Then you found a bad franchise store.
I've yet to be disappointed by Sonic.
It's the only fast food place near my house.
I think you might be the first person in the history of ever to do such a thing.
Sonic is awesome.
Don't blame the chain for bad employees.
porn.
You mean porn of fanatics?!
What is it, some kind of collection of Bin Laden sex tapes?
I have a folder like this.
Its things i received from ex's etc...
Its like a relationship archive to me.
Most of the girls know i still have them.
I dont show them around, i rarely ever open the folder either.
I don't think its a weird thing.
I'd hate to lose it, its part of my history.
its the only one NOT near mine!
Also their Onion rings taste like lucky charms.
This is not what onion rings are supposed to taste like
you NASTY!
Or just unlucky...
well, it's either an arab guy with a long beard...
or someone's "operation" went wrong.
Chili Cake?
Sounds more like you finally learned to experience life to the fullest.
Again, dunno where your ate, but it sure wasn't a normal sonic.
She's a keeper!
or NASTY..
who puts a used condom BACK in their glove box?
May as well carried it in his pocket..
Why the hell wasn't he wearing a helmet in the first place?
Might not look cool but it keeps you from going brain dead and all.
I clicked on this because I've set the microwave on fire more than once.
Upon reading, I laughed out loud.
Of course it's another Who fan :)
I feel your pain, I did something similar about a month ago when going through the ATM.
My car was parked to use it, then when I pulled away my wheel was turned towards the concrete island and I scraped the pole / hopped the curb.
Ended up costing $1,300 to get all the alignment issues fixed that it caused.
Well, if you had some more inches...
JK.
I don't really get it either and I impress myself sometimes.
Man I sound like a tool...
Oh, that's fine.
No one will know it was yours.
Unless it fell out of your pocket and stuck to your clothing.
I think it made it more intimidating
I'm sorry.
Sounds like life just didn't feel like cooperating with your schedule today.
Best of luck with orientation tomorrow!
a dozen?
one night?
Are you a God?
So...where do you live?
No, he was.
He crashed on it, and it wasn't usable.
These are the tales you will be telling people when you're an old man.
goes through shit like this throughout life.
Feels terrible at the time...becomes hilarious later on.
Yea I'm laughing about it now, I just wish I would have been the guy who punched a shark instead of peeing my pants.
for breaking rule 1.
Start the post title with TIFU.
Please reubmit.
Could you post on the sidebar about the title I didn't realize it had to be the title the side bar just said start out all posts with TIFU
I will make the change.
Please resubmit after looking at the other posts in this subreddit.
Thank you and I just resubmitted with the right title.
aw...
Dude/dudette.
Much love.
Hope tomorrow goes better for you.
Or if it fell right at my desk, and the lunchtime cleaning lady found it and went on a wild gossip-spree.
Sorry if what I said sounded assy.
:) I just can't believe you forgot about USED CONDOMS IN YOUR GLOVE DEPARTMENT.
Hope everything turned out okay, though.
here is something to (
Your burnt offering pleases the God.
wow, TYFU
Shit, accidentally deleted my reply :(
Let us know how it goes tomorrow!
At least you were practising safe sex.
Just not hygiene.
please resubmit.
Damn, I feel so sorry for you, hope all gets better.
I kept it in in a secure place, and it dropped out :/
Yeah true.
I just havent deleted any of it if someone has sent me anything.
There are a few facebook downloads on there.
But theyre not nude pics or anything.
I actually do have a backup on a portable drive.
Just the SD card was easier
Yup its like that basically.
Not all nude pics.
Just customised pics or videos of them.
UK
UPDATE: I have found the card.
After searching everywhere.
I'd kept it in my wallet, and was shttin myself that it had dropped out in the bar or something.
It had dropped out, but into my bag.
I was worried it had fell out at work.
The embarassment would have been hurrendous.
Oh i kissed that card when i got it back.
OK now i'm going to encrypt the bastard lol
UPDATE: I have found the card.
After searching everywhere.
I'd kept it in my wallet, and was shttin myself that it had dropped out in the bar or something.
It had dropped out, but into my bag.
I was worried it had fell out at work.
The embarassment would have been hurrendous.
Oh i kissed that card when i got it back.
OK now i'm going to encrypt the bastard lol
Ha!
That was awesome!
Will do!
The way I see it is it can't get any worse.
Got Drunk, Fell Down - Day #6
After the grocery store today, I went to an AA meeting.
I was an hour early, so I just waited on the porch.
When the second early arrival saw me, he said, "Damn, how'd that happen?"
He replied, "I never fell like that, what the hell?"
"Well, I was at my son's baseball game and got asked to be the announcer.
It was a great game, extra innings, and a fun time.
He played well, and I got to make fun of him and the other kids with comments like 'At bat next is #9.
He enjoys long walks on the beach, French braiding his sisters' hair, and playing with dismembered and headless dolls.
He's a real catch girls.'"
"You're nuts!"
"I know.
During the extra innings I had to take a bathroom break.
While walking, I didn't hear the 'Whack' of a high foul ball headed my way."
"It hit you in the nose?"
"No, the ball hit me right on top of the noggin, making a 'thunk' noise.
The kids had a good laugh at my expense.
The said it sounded like my head was empty!
Well, on the way back, I stopped at the soda vending machines, but the darn thing took my money.
I shook the heck out of the machine, but nothing happened.
So, I tipped it over, and it fell on me!"
"Oh no, a vending machine to the face!"
"Oh no, I'm not that dumb.
It hit my chest and body.
I am as sore as a female weight lifter who prostitutes for steroids.
Tough job you know?"
He asked, "What about your nose?"
"What about it?"
"How did it get bent like that?"
Since I have no idea, I said:
"After the game, I had a couple of beers with the coaches and umps, but then my kids wanted some chili dogs.
The concession stand serving station was closing so I hollered at the woman and she whipped that big piece of ply wood right back up."
"It totally missed me.
I'm quick like a skittish cat.
My lucky day.
Like I said, no dummy here.
We had some chili dogs and headed for the truck.
All was good.
Full belly, nice buzz, then my phone went off with a text message.
It was work and it was not good.
As I replied via text message, I failed to see the power pole guide wire.
I walked right up that thing - straddling it - until it hit me in the crotch, and I fell down."
"You fell down after tripping on a guide wire and broke your nose?
"No, the point was that I saved my phone!"
"Yeah, love that phone!
Jewels hurt, but the phone is good to go.
See?"
"For God sakes, what happened to your nose you friggin idiot!"
"Oh, why didn't you say something earlier?
In my sons effort to aide me, he bent down when his equipment/bat bag fell off his shoulder and landed on my face, breaking my nose."
He said, "Are you shittin me?"
Here comes someone else, would you like to help me mess with them next?"
"Hell yes you crazy bastard."
As the next victim approached, I said to AA#1:
Must...get...front...seat...
What in the fuck.
DO NOT DISCUSS.
"Jokes" about an explosion of used rubbers into your girlfriend's mom's lap like a can of party snakes will not end well.
That chestnut blew a load on your face.
It busted a chestnut.
Wait, but shark week isnt for like 4 months #3232;#3232;
I once held a lighter to my goatee...
And on a separate occasion was playing football (catch) with a cig in my mouth.
Had a burn mark on my face after a contested catch for a few days.
I know.
The only appropriate response.
Who said anything about a joke?
TIL don't carry SD cards in your butt?
Psh...
Her mother should be glad you're using condoms!
I hope your night is better than your day :)
Did you try it again?
By "personalized" does that mean furry?
'cause there's no shame in dressing up like a kitty and humping people.
Ok maybe there is when you're off reddit.
nah giantess stuff :P
I'm not alone?
Yay!
What about the God?
I have no more oatmeal, and I have the feeling that he will be VERY upset.
How is it not running?
Do you have the first computer ever built?
It does run, but it is the bare minimum of running, I believe I get somewhere around 0,2 FPS.
sry bout that.
I do tend to be a night owl for that reason.
Nope.
I think I'm good for a while.
Your username is what I imagine he screamed
dibbs
Hmmm...Best to offer him the heart of a bowl of porridge, just to be on the safe side.
I'll be off, then.
oh SHIT.
Maybe the fact that you only have one close friend combined with the fact that you yearn for unavailable women means you could use a little counseling.
I have been in BOTH places (singularly friended and attracted to unavailable women) and it isn't fun, nor is it something you can shake off easy.
It sounds like with the traffic in your town you would have just been better off walking down the side of the highway...
I thought about leaving the car and just walking there but then I remembered cars cost money.
Let us know how it goes, if he doesn't consider you for being late today reddit will get together and kill him.
I mean this in the nicest way possible, and for your future, please pay attention in your high school and grammar classes.
Also, I'm glad you you survived that horrible day.
Yea I've never been good with spelling and writing so I apologize for all the mistakes in there.
I'm actually out of highschool and am trying to find a good english book to refresh my memories.
I remember in elementary school when they taught us commas I would just put them in random places never bothering to check if they were right.
And I understand what you're saying about telling me this in the nicest way possible.
I need more criticisms to get better.
What do you normally do for a good time?
What do you do for fun?
That would be pretty funny to see reddit come together as one like that.
It was maybe 20 30 miles so I couldn't walk, and the person was nice about it she understood I couldn't control the traffic so nothing bad there.
Thats always a plus, I'm almost always late to first meetings no matter how early I leave, apparently I'm pretty sure I am the only one that has this problem.
Or so I'm told by my elders because they think they are perfect.
Can't wait until I hold some sort of power over someone so I could specifically use that chance NOT to be an asshole haha.
So I ask this girl online if she's dtf
total frat move, alpha as fuck
reddit or watch NHK/BBC.
I don't like going in public places alone, I'm not a social person.
PROOOF
that sucks, bro.
i hope things go better for you in the future.
try to find a wingman to chill with.
it'll make the down time more bearable.
you wanna just hang out in the same room and go on reddit?
I'm game.
playing with fire in a dry area, not such a good idea.
live and learn, ja?
Don't want it to happen again, now do we?
You sound like me :) If you're ever in Canada, we should hang out and say socially awkward things to each other.
It's better than not telling her and having this stuff eat away at you forever...
always here for you.
Haha nice try.
if OP has ever desk-popped before?
If not, surely OP will deliver.
they drink Holy Water?!
i'm going to go learn...
"So, uh, it sure is weather out there."
THAT WAS YOU!?
Holy.
Shit.
Ben Aflec?
That's what I was thinking.
What's that old adage?
You miss all the shots you don't take or something like that.
OP you have my sympathies.
Good luck and head up.
Did she have tits?
No, it was squirtle.
After and ironic twist of events, that sadistic monster set fire to forest.
The rest of the pleaded with him to get him to put it out, but to no avail.
Nope, it has an honest mistake, and I felt horrible after.
If you play with fire in a dry area, you're gonna have a bad time.
Holy shit, it actually made it...
Aww yeah son.
Wow, why not call sick?
oh damn!
He had it in his glove department as well!?
I thought it was just the glove...
compartment.
haha feel sorry for you xD
"I take full responsibility for the fire" "We did not tell the fire crew who started the fire" are NOT the same thing.
Man up or just admit you are scared.
You don't get to do both.
Heh, don't I know all about that...
But really, even though her preferences meant OP wasn't in the running, it just doesn't seem healthy being around "what you can't have" like that :/
So yeah OP.
I don't think you messed up today.
I think you started your recovery from a somewhat toxic situation tbh.
"Hey, that movie was fun, want to come over to my place sometime and watch another one?"
Don't worry.
I accidentally fried my salad.
You just wanted (
Let it all out, tomorrow will be a new day.
I think I'm probably in the minority but I'm of the opinion that you cannot really be in love with someone your not actually...with.
Love is about building a partnership.
I think more girls tend to think this way than guys.
I'm sure you like this girl a lot but the fact that you told her you LOVE her probably freaked the shit out of her.
That being said, I think your friendship is probably salvageable.
Just give her some time.
In the mean time, you need to look for ways of finding new people who have similar interests to you and work on being the best you that you can be.
not an option.
me, one other shift leader and the general manager run the place.
Dude, sign me up.
This guy knows, man.
it happens to everyone.
Learn from this and don't forget to make a move the next time :)
No it's not.
That's the one thing you choose to edit?
At least you didn't try to microwave ramen noodles without water.
You will forever fuck up your microwave with that one.
i know who you are...
"So, uh, it sure is weather out there, ay?" "Uh...
yep, ay."
FTFY
It's probably not healthy to sulk on Reddit after something like that.
It'll just make him more lonely.
this sounds great :)
Looks at grammar and spelling I don't think the noodles were your biggest fuck up :P
Simple as that, fucking genius.
pay the fare, gtfo.
you shouldn't have accepted the invitation and let the guy pay for it while you had such feelings about the ex and the prospective new guy.
sorry for the bluntness, but women like you are the reason why fewer and fewer guys act romantically lately.
ay??
IT'S EH!
You told a lesbian you love her?
Was this in , by chance?
I didn't even realize this was an issue.
My little sister used to run around shirtless all the time when she was maybe 3 or 4.
So you posted your confession on the internet...
This is why you should never trust a woman..
puts on rain jacket .
I'm ready for the down votes.
GUYS you know it's true.
I wouldn't go that far; there are trustworthy women.
synthetic urine saved my job numerous times.
best $30 I can spend.
Isn't it still a fuck up if it really was a 5 year old boy?
It's different with your siblings in the house.
If its another child you might be labeled as a pervert.
convinced my little sister to show her junk the other day, that's not okay, even though she's naked all the time in the house
The OP's username is pyroarson.
AN ACCIDENT?
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU!
But junk is a different issue entirely.
society frowns on female shirtlessness more than male shirtlessness
"Depend?
BACKBACKBACK QUICK!"
What did you do with the noodles?
noodlesnoodles
I understand that, but it's a five-year old.
frowns upon pedophilia.
A 5 yo boy with out a shirt isn't pedophilia
Dude I'm 2 years into not seeing the girl that I was madly in love with but could never be with.
I think about her EVERY DAY but I am doing way better not seeing her ever.
Sucks man.
Se la vie.
But telling him to take off his shirt, in today's sue-happy society, is.
I don't know where you live...
but where I live nobody would care lol
Oh look, a banal argument.
I did the normal thing, didn't I?
If they don't ask, I don't have to tell.
I have a right not to say anything that might incriminate me.
No, this was in Canada.
Well?
What is your reaction?
no reaction?
How did you handle that situation?
I'm pissed at who ever said that to a little girl.
I wouldn't say women, I would say people, because men as well as women have the potential to be shallow.
I'm sorry for insulting the OP because I really don't know her, but doing this to some poor guy that probably had nothing to do with the original breakup is just cruel.
Yes, for it is I.
Tell her it was your friend/brother who sent the text.
If it's too late now, text her explain the situation.
Well ask her if you can be friends again...
Wow, that is bad.
What dif she answer ?
I know you're full of shit.
I've had many more male "friends" fuck me over than female ones.
I wish to know as well.
Come on OP!
pedantry it's c'est la vie (although c'est is pronounced kinda like se) /pedantry
Have fun in jail.
[His first post on his account pyroarson: "I set fire to a field today, AMA!"]( Yeah that shit ain't no accident, this nigga goin to jail.
Except for the fact you post incriminating shit on the internet.
Once I burnt lettuce.
Just tell her you were joking around with a friend and accidentally sent the message to the wrong person.
She'd have to be pretty uptight to still get offended.
Tell her the TRUTH, goddamit.
if you like her.
Have fun when the Arson investigators come asking about the hydrocarbons that started the fire
IKEA products have pretty much the clearest instructions ever.
The grammar nazis chased me out of my home country I haven't spoken my native language in years.
If she despises dirty comments so much, and you seem to naturally talk to your best friends that way, maybe she isn't right for you anyway?
Please read sidebar before you post and re-submit.
Just say you were talking to your friend.
No need to lie.
If she doesn't believe you and gets an attitude send her another "accidental" message for shits and giggles.
No they where not
I threw them out of course
so i have heard.
Read the title out loud and laughed.
Trully takes a genius for that one lol
Yea, pretty similar situation.
The differences made it worse though.
I work at a barbershop.
No more home barbering, man.
I've seen it to many time.
Always looks awful.
I feel like you did that on purpose.
where
two grams missing that you didn't notice upon ocular inspection?
how much weed was in the bag?
geeez
Only because of people like you, it is.
Yeah you don't want anyone seeing that old car you stopped using years ago.
Thats a whole nother story
I'll have you know I love my old car, which is still my car, and I still use.
Hunger pangs.
Nah, I'm not that way myself.
I'm just saying.
I went out drinking with someone who flew me across the country to see him after he's talked for months about how he'd love to have a relationship with me.
If you let him fly you across the country knowing how he felt and you didn't have reciprocal feelings, that's already kind of shitty.
makes me super truthful
I sat there and told him all about how great I think my ex is and how this guy I was visiting was only second place and about how my ex won't ever take me back.
You don't get to blame this on being drunk.
You told someone who you knew had feelings for you a litany of things that anyone (drunk or otherwise) would recognize as hurtful.
Drunk or not, that's extremely inconsiderate.
awkward
It's not "awkward"; you were a dick.
The point isn't that you owe it to this person to reciprocate their feelings - you don't.
If you don't feel that way, you don't have to act as though you do in order to make them feel better.
But you accepted an invitation that was quite transparently motivated by someone's feelings for you, and then inconsiderately crapped all over those feelings.
Boo-urns.
As Ackbar said "Its a trap!"
damn, 82nd street is so ghetto.
Have you seen " 24/7 Strip Club" on 82nd and ?
That shit has got to be no larger than 12'x12' of pure broken dreams and sadness.
Too high to remember what face he was making?
"wrong kind of taco"
Have an upvote.
Also: donate to the local Order of Police so you get that nice big sticker for your car (helps with traffic stops, too).
I once got into a similar situation - similar as far as the hooker goes, anyway.
I had to swerve to avoid hitting her.
She didn't get in, not because I gunned it and sped away, but because she didn't want to get in the car with someone who was screaming blue murder at her.
I recall screaming "The only place I'll take you is a women's shelter", which is kind of an odd thing to scream at someone.
She just walked away eventually...
I hope she stopped using that method of picking up customers.
This is actually a fantastic idea.
About how much is the typical donation?
Ha from the title, I immediately thought Holden
Lesson: don't drink and drive.
Did come to the party?
Welp, you pretty much totally missed the point of the story.
Doesn't matter whether you're drunk or not if you're driving at night in a high-crime neighborhood.
Plus, I wasn't drunk.
I was somewhat drunk, can'tyaread?
Hahaha, i haven't.
But once i had to ride the trimet bus on 82nd and it was all white ass trash and ghetto black people yelling at each other, ah the greatness of .
It's true.
There is this lady who rides the 77 on 82nd with some sort of autism.
She gets real uncomfortable if anyone sits next to her, but is almost brought to tears if someone sits next to her and then gets up.
Poor lady is living in a constant lose-lose situation.
Then don't say that you take full responsibility for your actions.
You don't HAVE to tell them anything but don't play it like you're owning up to the fire.
Yeah, my brother's been in prison for twenty years for killing someone's mom while "somewhat" drunk.
Good luck with that.
, the poor people of trimet.
But in all seriousness, I had one mother-loving-beer.
The detail was added because I mentioned fourth meal and thought it pertinent.
I don't drive drunk, and if you think one beer is driving drunk, then go ahead and cuff me.
edit: grammar
They have one-time, monthly, life-time,etc.
Plus, I think each state has their own chapter or whatnot.
They call that " ", I believe.
I thought Mr.
was your penis.
I am Suit Larry.
AMA.
That changes the outlook somewhat.
I'm neither on your side nor against you.
But I still feel sorry for the guy you went to visit, even thou now I think less of him than before.
tl;dr: less bad but still a fucked up situation.
But i did.
since:
probably made it because of the fire.
if this is a novelty account than it's a really shitty one.
I see forests are downvoting you, also you should really own up to it
If you didn't want people to think you were drunk, you probably shouldn't have said you were somewhat drunk.
I understand.
It's still important to have two or three good buddies that you can hang out with regularly.
It definitely makes life a lot better.
I don't know of you're close to anyone else, but i suggest finding a few good people to hang out and have some fun with.
Best of luck, friend.
I really suspect that the firefighters knew it was me, but didn't care as there was no real damage.
They just treated it like a practice drill.
Thanks for the heads up now i feel stupider :3
It was C3H8.
I swear!
You should still own up to it, if you can
Then we could like hang out, but not talk, just giggle beside each other...
wait that sounds wrong...
What's wrong with your son?
All posts about getting drunk and falling/tripping/throwing up should get banned.
I agree with the new rule.
You could tell her you are having mixed feelings since she is the closest person you have, she probably thought about this and gave you the time to think it over.
Even if we are here for you, (which we always will be) make a commitment to talk to at least 3 new potential best friends this next week.
Even if you're not too happy with trying to hang out with strangers, distractions from complicated emotions are holy.
Fuck up of the week, niccceee!
One doesn't simply accidentally solicit a prostitute.
I read the title and died laughing, now the teachers mad, AWESOME!!!
, straight to the point and simple!
Report back if youreally send something like that!
Lesson learned : any reference to drinking and driving will always bring out fanatics.
I've done this various times.
Once at my cousins we put a fork into the microwave to see what will happen.
The mutha-fuka EXPLODES on me, almost catching the house on fire.
Also put a plastic bag into the microwave for about an hour, we only lasted a couple minutes because the smell got to bad...
Also we see how long we can microwave a food before it gets caught on fire.
I'm surprised we still have a house.
And the video on "is it a good idea to microwave this" inspired us to do this crap...
Let em talk!
Sounds like a fun way to start a rumor!
Seems legit.
And I can bury it, 'troll face'
Reads, "TIFU by giving this guy pickles"
click
lol's Then
upvotes
Battle Royale with cheese
Before I was in this store and I accidentally went into the girls bathroom, and took a HUGE shit.
Then I got a odd feeling when I saw a couple of girls walk in.
He's like, "oh, thanks bro, and by the way that's just wrong..."
you carry 2 oz in your pocket at work?
what the...
You made my day, :D
Hey, I've scratched my balls with some fucked up shit too, he ain't alone!
Didn't posts like this get banned a couple of days ago?
True dat, brotha
Ah, radiation.
human's common sense for decades.
Please read sidebar before submitting and resubmit :)
Please read sidebar before submitting and resubmit.
Haha, yeah I know right?
straight up, you are a fucking bitch and I hope your next boyfriend dumps your sorry ass.
You are a terrible, terrible person and likely a self-absorbed cunt.
Ehhh...
To lazy to do it, and not worth it cuz all I get is downvotes, who cares anymore?
me, somewhat new to actual posting.
If it was removed, why is it still here?
And i did try to resubmit, giving me a timer to post again.
Cheers
Its not in the subreddit but in the spam queue, that's why only you and the other mods can see this.
Just wait till the timer finishes and re post!
Always read the sidebar before posting in any subreddit.
Thnx!
Hey ..
don't worry its only been one month ...
I din't start commenting till one year after i made my account.
And karma really doesn't mean anything ...
If you wanna make good comments ..
just think a little bit before commenting ..
I'm a Cunt is not a subreddit here.
I guess this was the appropriate place to post.
Wow man, you can multitask!
Will attempting to resubmit every few min reset the timer?
you can only submit a preset number of links continuously.
after that you have to wait for sometime and then again reddit allows you to submit a number of links continuously ...
When I read the title, I immediately thought of In The Rye.
, great story.
Cheers to tacos (and hopefully the pimp not finding you)!
and the downvotes by the looks of it.
good thing I'm just drunk and not driving at the moment.
Okay, thank you :)
relevant username is relevant
lost.
Cats...?
Well, ya, now it's probably going to happen...
My thoughts while reading the comments: .
everywhere.
I'm relieved I'm not the only one who thought he bold enough to name it Mr.
Noodly !
When I was 5 I got girls showing me their junk at recess.
Last time I've seen a girl's junk was 1st grade.
I'm doing this wrong.
You ARE like that guy I knew.
Truly it is, it's uncanny the likeness that we have to each other.
welcome to ban-zonia, where there are no rules - only badly written posts
I was at a large party when I was 19.
I was so intoxicated that I started dancing with guys I knew to be virginal, desperate, creepy and sad.
I got bored of just dancing rather quickly because soon I found myself making out intensely with this random dance partner, a rather gay looking boy younger than me.
I was wearing a fedora, which he playfully grabbed and ran away.
me followed him through the doorway when I slipped.
I fell flat on my fucking face.
Ended up breaking half of my front tooth off.
No chipping, a full break, and at this crazy angle.
I also busted my top lip and scraped my face.
My gay friend at the time, upon finding out about the tooth announced it to everyone there.
to say I didn't talk much the rest of the night.
I'm just glad I was that drunk.
I would have cried from pain and embarrassment sober.
By the way, this happened on a Friday night.
I had to wait until the next week to see my dentist.
I will always be able to see and feel the line where my real tooth ends and the fake part begins.
It's also more sensitive to cold now.
If anyone notices, all I say is "got drunk, fell down."
I was at a large party when I was 19.
I was so intoxicated that I started dancing with guys I knew to be virginal, desperate, creepy and sad.
I got bored of just dancing rather quickly because soon I found myself making out intensely with this random dance partner, a rather gay looking boy younger than me.
I was wearing a fedora, which he playfully grabbed and ran away.
me followed him through the doorway when I slipped.
I fell flat on my fucking face.
Ended up breaking half of my front tooth off.
No chipping, a full break, and at this crazy angle.
I also busted my top lip and scraped my face.
My gay friend at the time, upon finding out about the tooth announced it to everyone there.
to say I didn't talk much the rest of the night.
I'm just glad I was that drunk.
I would have cried from pain and embarrassment sober.
By the way, this happened on a Friday night.
I had to wait until the next week to see my dentist.
I will always be able to see and feel the line where my real tooth ends and the fake part begins.
It's also more sensitive to cold now.
If anyone notices, all I say is "got drunk, fell down."
Still no trolls.
Done this, all the signs were there that she was into me, but turns out she was dating a girl, which I didn't know at the time.
Had no idea what to make of it, it's funny looking back, though.
Are you me?
...I see what you did there...
She knew.
I know nothing about cars, but that is sweet lookin'.
its too far gone, time to make excessive 'Home ' references.
Ok, so isn't a fuckbuddy by definition someone you drunk-text?
I am misunderstanding the concept, but it seems to me that if you're worried about saying the wrong thing, that's a lot more high maintenance than mere fuckbuddies, right?
just tell him you're sorry and that you meant the resemblance in the hot ways and not the fat ways.
along those lines...
driving home from class last year as a big snowstorm was ramping up (you know the one in february of last year where chicago and the midwest got 20") .
the snow is coming down and blowing and i'm driving down the street a mile from my house and this woman starts waving at me...
now this lady looked like a normal person, middle aged, wearing a coat and scarf and boots...
she looked like maybe my mom would look if she was a different race and stuck in a snowstorm on the street.
So she's waving and i slow down because i feel like she might need some help or something and its horrible outside so i'm being nice even if this is a "bad area" of town.
as i'm rolling down the window to see whats wrong she just jumps right in my car...
and after 2 seconds the smell is there...
reeking of booze and some other unwashed odor...
So yeah, theres that memory.
and you didnt do it on tha floor for why?
Tell him you like the sexy lumberjack look...I've said that to a guy once.
It ended well =)
now you are(almost) toothless buddies!
whos making my sammich?
That's hilarious and a forever reminder!
Just tell him you always had a crush on Al when you were older.
If he doesn't care, then his loss.
Not many guys can keep a fuck-buddy without falling for her or her falling for him.
So if he wants to keep up the easy life, then he will come around.
Also, IMO play hard to get.
He stop texting you?
Stop texting his ass.
Guys hate when they don't get attention (just as much as girls).
, it's all about 'hand' like in .
Right now he has hand, but IMO its not that much.
It's like 60-40 him, but unless he is RPG he isn't finding many girls like you so don't worry.
sounds a little phone-key if you ask me.
I find it endearing how awkward you are at flirting.
She is very...
Um...
sexually ignorant though.
So I think she suspects, but I don't know for sure.
She wasn't joking about the dog though...
I think I made it sound like she was joking, but it wasn't like that at the time.
I just wanted to refer you to my edit on the OP.
I think you are missing the point of "TIFU".
Tim Allen grunt.
When I have a hard-on.
karma MUFUKA!
You know you brought that on yourself, right?
I hope he replied "I don't think so, trace07"
when you were older.
You might also have to explain the reverse-aging.
I like your username.
me of good times.
Almost good enough.
Those things are ginormous!
I'd still prefer live and in person ;)
wanna get a beer?
Brain was too full of fuck to give a crap.
Fix this fast.
You will always regret it and the chance is now.
If you're ever in philly.
Hahaha clever :p
Still haven't found them.
Just called..
I'm beginning to think they were stolen.
I don't think so, lol
Bro I've had about a thousand of my posts banned, it's no big deal.
And you still got my upvote :)
My condolences.
But I couldn't do anything but laugh.
Oh come on, who doesn't like their own brand?
stanky blankies.
I've done the same thing...
except I said it to make her stfu...
it went on for months.
hopefully your situation works out better
counseling would really help with that?
Let's all pay our respects to this unlucky individual.
Thank you so much for sharing this.
It is extremely selfish of me, but this just made my entire day.
Still chuckling as I write this...
Upvote for the crying in the shower.
IN THE SHOWER, NO ONE CAN SEE YOUR TEARS
damn man, that is one shitty day.
You should probably clear things up with this girl before it gets too out of hand.
Also tell your actual gf ASAP or she will be pissed.
Once in a blue moon...
Your farts are so horrible that even you can't stand them.
I have bad stomach acid/acid reflux, and it gives me horrendous farts that are every 20-30 seconds.
After a day of lying in bed/relaxing in my house, nobody can enter any room I've been in without thinking something died in there.
You're not lactose intolerant are you.
Are you so bad that not even ( work?
Those babies have saved my stomach many a time.
Though, I think I might have forgotten to take one with the Mac and Cheese I had last night.
, I am.
I'm just fucking gross
I have exactly no idea wtf is up with that.
I don't think I really even understand the problem.
All I can really tell you is that for a good long while there I actually had a urinal beside my bed (yes, I know, ew).
You can get them at medical supply stores.
That's what helped me for a bit but I dunno if it'd do any good for you.
from the voice of "Been There Dealt With The Same ".
On April 15 you will feel like a ton of bricks have been lifted off your shoulders.
Life is too short to be miserable and put up with old creepy men.
Sign up with some temp agencies, look for jobs on campus, on bulletin boards, the school's career center.
You'll find something!
Just remember "Life is too short to be miserable."
It happens to the best of them.
hilarious.
Strong contender for FUOTW already.
this is the funniest thing i have ever read
What car do you have?
(BTW) always have a spare key somewhere.
at least you don't feel bad about it.
why bother hanging out with someone who clearly has no sense of humor
2009 Mazda 3
The wireless entry fob died (changed battery and still dead, tested with a volt meter and some circuit inside is cooked) so I'm left with the one and only key to my car.
To get a second one made is upwards of $100 since it has to be cut and programmed through the ECU by Mazda and you have to hand the car over for a day.
I just haven't wanted to give the time/money up for a second key.
With Ford/Mazda you need at least 2 keys to program your own without going into the cars computer.
So DIY is out.
Thats why I love old cars, I can get a spare made by a hardware store if I need one, plus its easy as hell to work on.
I drive a 1985 Chevy X-11, minimal computer control = less speed but more fun.
I laughed so hard my stomach hurts.
Too funny.
I wish I could vote for you to be Fuck up Of the Week
Those milk farts can be horrible.
There are no accidents.
I thought the point of a Dutch oven was to allow someone else to experience the love of your cookery?
Now if only they could love each other you would be set.
Only mistakes...
I pretended to be unconscious for a minute.
I'm choking back tears here, you just made my day :)
Oh the woes of hydrology.
This is proof.
You're a bad person.
Me too.
In fact, it's possible that's a prerequisite to properly enjoy this subreddit.
Do I really need to tell you that you're being pathetic?
If your story is true, she cheated on her ex with you, started ignoring you and then pretended you never had a relationship with her while she started banging some dude.
Then you got pissed off and called her a whore.
Then you apologized and now she won't talk to you.
Find another girl dude.
You're wasting your time.
Needed a reliable DD that I could drive year round and insure.
So I got my 4 door, 2.0L, naturally aspirated Mazda.
I hated using that as a daily driver, until my uncle gave me his 98 cavalier.
Best part about that deal is: crashed the 98 in a snowstorm 4 months later and NOT the citation.
I have never been happier about a car accident than that moment after I figured out that everyone was ok.
Based on all of the bad stuff, and depending on your state, you may be able to file for unemployment even though they didn't fire you.
That's great now I'm awkwardly giggling by a group of people.
They probably think I'm going to murder them.
I should put the cleaver away.
Holy shit.
HAHAHA I laughed so hard as this just now.
I've been having a terrible night, but this story actually made me laugh.
So thanks internet stranger for cheering me up, if only for a brief moment.
You've just made me subscribe to this sub.
People calling her a "cunt" and "bitch" need to recognize that people do shitty things regardless of gender.
And because we "fuck up" now and then doesn't mean we're awful people.
you hear that, pyroarson?
you got a lot of work to do.
Once a month?
What class is it?
isn't there a huge fee for that?
It's just this two-credit law school class that's only tangentially about the law.
It's aimed at people who intend to use their law degree to go overseas and work in a development capacity.
hahahaha you got a two minute stand up joke good job
He literally fucks up everyday
GAMBLIN'
fuck.
i did that once.
the gas station man wasn't amused ...
One of my friends in SoCal recently did this, he got some $200 fee.
MLK NE ?
That's rough, bud...
This takes the cake as the best TIFU I've read so far.
Bro, it sounds like a shit day all around, but those have to happen in order for us to appreciate the WIN days.
I'm sorry it all compiled into one day, but at least you still have all your limbs!
I hope tomorrow is better :D
Both of their names start with Au?
Aura?
I seriously cant think of any girl names that start with Au, let alone 2.
Oh mercy
no shit, this is like a trail behind a neighborhood
...good fuck up story though
Audrey.
That's all I can think of.
Audrey and Auburn
Not many particularly common ones, but I can think of a few off the top of my head.
Aubrey.
Aurora.
Audrey.
Audra.
Aurora.
Their names were Aubrey and .
My gf was Aubrey, and when I told her, she was cool about it.
Then just came up to me and kissed me and shouted :" WE ARE OFFICALLY IN A RELATIONSHIP!" then my gf gave a poker face and walked away.
She(my gf) then texted me saying she would wait until I clear stuff up.
My gf is so kind :)
But poor OP; feel for him.
What happened to them!?
I don't know if troll friend, or feel sorry for you.
Well I knew since elementary, but Aubrey at middle school.
Aubrey is the cuter and kinder one, so I liked her from the beginning.
this subreddit was Today's of the day and this post caused me to subscribe.
you're doing something right
I got a GPS indicated and recorded 30MPH on an aluminium full suspension mountain bike with chunky tires going down hill.
On the same hill, on a shitty tandem bike with my brother we just pipped it to 31/32.
But I don't think this guy got 40mph, even if the rest is true.
Don't think he's lying, I just don't think he has a speedometer.
Bikes can feel fast when you're used to driving.
Yeah, it usually does.
It helps people learn how to develop healthy relationships, both platonic and romantic.
Well, if your therapist is worth a fuck.
Then I took a shower and did one of those things where you slide down the wall and cry
The point where I lost it, too funny.
Maybe see a doctor?
I don't know why these people are being pricks.
You're absolutely right.
All you're doing is pointing that out.
"Oh look, a banal argument"?
Uh, welcome to reality.
BENJAMIN BUTTON THAT SHIT
I HAVE NEVER LAUGHED MORE ON REDDIT.
You're pain is my amusement, for that I shall give you an upvote.
Except the shower fairies.
Those mother fuckers ALWAYS know what's up.
Go Pens!
I feel so bad for you.
Have an Upvote to sooth the pain...
Ladies and , THE INTERNET!
looking forward to today :)
Not a TIFU post.
It can be used for other...
fumes...
as it were.
Did you make a copy?
if you made a copy, we could watch the copy.
I think I speak for myself and the rest of the reddit community when I say: gtfo.
how can you even do that???
But still this is funny as, I would want security video footage if I were you lol
You fiend...
How about write some rules and this sort of thing wouldn't happen...
Fuck bro.
With a day like that i'm surprised you didn't just lose the will to live right then and there..
Oh, where do I start...
Well, you know how there's something - if not pleasant, then at least vaguely comforting - about the smell of your own farts?
The way that they're kind of like a post card from your insides in a language only you can read?
Saying, "Hey!
I was inside you before, and let me say, it's been a crazy journey!"?
A fart has that wonderful way of making you feel accomplished (look at all that food you made into RAW ENERGY!!) while reminding yourself you're still deeply and horribly flawed.
But in a hilarious way.
are a different story.
Having a case of the milkfarts is like being impregnated by Satan's specially engineered turbosperm, designed solely to fill you with a the bastard child of Pain and Shame.
First, you enjoy a seemingly harmless and delicious dairy product.
There, it waits.
There's a clear stretch between this mass of tragedy that infects your loins and the clenched porthole of release that is your asshole.
You think you can wait it out, but with every moment, the pressure builds.
, you push, knowing inside that you're about to release something terrible into the world.
But you feel that you're ready, that you'll endure what horrors abound just to rid yourself of the strange parasites that once called themselves dessert.
So you push and flex, praying that you don't spray that chili all up in your pants.
But it does not move.
This is where your world ends.
You thought that you were in control of this ghostly load, poised for a mass exodus.
Alas, as you writhe, you realize that there is something holding it inside.
evil.
For this is not a regular fart, content to leave you and return to your lungs as fecal-spotted air.
It is a milkfart.
It is not ready.
It must ferment, rolling and plotting and toiling until you lose hope, preparing yourself for a lifetime of this, starting to accept, even love the curved bloat of your tummy.
And then, when you've succumbed to the pain of it all, when you've finally become numb, the milkfart escapes.
At first, you're ecstatic!
You feel the rush, smile at the familiar blarts and braaaps, prepare for that clandestine huff and smug grin of satisfaction.
The feelings of elation are short lived, however, as you notice the air begin to darkle.
have this way of turning the air into solid dicks of horror that violently penetrate your face until you cry.
They hang as a living fog that jeers at you for your foolish assumptions that you could possibly have enough lactase to digest the milk of a cow.
"WHAT POWER DO YOU THINK YOU POSSESS?" they cry.
"DO YOU THINK YOU ARE A STRONG BABY CALF?" they screech.
That, my friend, is a milkfart.
(oh, and happy jacking off, hope you got through twice!)
That's terrible..
I'm surprised he didn't fucking kill you...
Never has a single .gif so accurately portrayed my life.
This is true.
And coming from a male, I can tell you that guys are 10 times more bitchy then girls.
Ooh, for some reason I thought I was strong enough to go it alone.
I was not.
Good luck with the mac and cheese, I hope it doesn't turn against you!
I'm actually super into this, thanks!
Please tell me you saw them at a strip club?
I just wanted to get a drink from the store.
Got in the car, spaced, and drove off.
I knew the guy at the pump and he said it wasn't a big deal and the fine will most likely be labor for putting it back on.
I do not like making mistakes and get worked up when I do.
this made me feel better.
Thanks guys.
you seriously soudn like you are 10 years old?
What kind of girl will seriously do that?
well at least you didn't cream your jeans.
JEANCREAMER
My sister did that, so you're not the only one!
She just kind of took the pump out and drove off.
Its written in the sidebar ...
Upvote for "cookery"
Yes I had :) I was worried about anyone finding it tho as it had personal stuff on it of other people that was entrusted to me.
I have since learnt about :)
And this is why you don't send nudes to people over the internet.
solid dicks of horror
Lost it right there.
Also, this is the best description of the shame and horror of lactose intolerance.
I read through, nodding solemnly all the while.
Some people might actually have the decency to put a blanket over you, or leave the room if there's somebody sleeping with a boner ...
I luckily never woke up with a visible boner anywhere (once my mom slightly saw it, but she said nothing of it since she was worrying about something else at that moment).
Is it a bad omen for this to happen on my birthday?
The one that is going to wait with claws out and teeth bared, growing more evil with each passing moment.
The one that will shred this poor son of a bitch, this innocent who will have just ruined his relationship with his best girl friend forever.
He will be tender, vulnerable.
And that's when she will strike.
Haha I think the actual issue is some random dude asking the little girl to strip down
Aubrey.
Were you browing the "SFW Porn" subs?
Man, i hate those names.
It's not exactly SFW if you're going to browse sites with "porn" in the name.
Some of them are so good, too...
I did this in my mom's car on prom night.
With my date in the car.
Just took it out, dropped it on the ground and hightailed it out of there.
That is both hilarious and pretty messed up on their part.
Always, always, always repeat your managers name when you meet them.
LPT
Worst part is my brother's girlfriend is really sweet and attractive and was sitting right next to me.
Poor girl lol.
HIGH SCHOOL
Don't worry, I've done this when I stayed over at a friend's house.
There were about..
of us sleeping in a living room, I had the sofa.
Found out later that day that I had quite the obvious boner while sleeping.
noticed.
She is being kind and understanding, but do yourself a favor and tell the other girl to stop before she embarasses herself.
gently is the nicest way you can handle this, and will minimize looking like a jerk, which is better for your rep overall.
Guy.
Reddit's new favorite meme.
, unless he's pretty hot, he won't have other girls lining up to be with him.
Saw this happen to someone a few months ago and then yell at the gas station attendant that it was his fault for frustrating him when he went inside to pay.
You are right, this is a fuck up and she is a bitch.
What more do you need to say?
It was a bitch move.
I believe the correct term for males would be "asshole", but she is not an asshole.
She is, as previously stated, a bitch.
Just pulled an all-nighter, feel hungry as shit, decide to check Reddit first...
Dry-heave
I underestimated It's power
it could have been much worse!
Your sister is wrong.
Eggs are generally sterile.
Ahh its my birthday too!
Happy !
Happy birthday to you too!
To the window!
To the floor!
Aaaa skeet skeet skeet!
Did you at least take it off any sweet jumps?
Well played.
Good thing for those quick release pump hoses, if this was the 1950s you would probably be dead
Lpt: browse the for 5 min after you finish.
I had my dad hit the 'back button' on accident once.
pretty.
Not to be confused with a "German Oven" which is decidedly more deadly and also antisemetic.
How exactly?
That is some life changing shit.
You weren't off by that much.
If you would have called her , well...
there is a reason she was sitting next to you with an obvious chubby...
Was she extra nice when you wrote up?
you should be able to track your phone somehow
I appreciate your sarcasm, dear .
This is one of those moments when sarcasm is misinterpreted because we can only communicate via text..
I'm serious bro.
Dead fucking serious.
I don't think I could handle that shit.
Not sure if...
All I have to say is that conservatives are wierdos in general.
Doesn't it strike you as odd that they had a family get together surrounding your sleeping boner?
Who the fuck would do that?
Any one who lets an inexperienced rider on their bike is just asking for this.
If he really expects you to pay for that he is an idiot.
, if you are choosing to pay for it then you are a good, considerate friend.
But hey, you won the bet lol.
Damn, that's serious.
A long time ago, when I was a dumbass teenager, my friends and I were bored and we had the brilliant idea to start microwaving stuff just to see what would happen to it.
really special happened until we threw a twinkie in there.
The entire first floor of the house was filled with smoke.
When I opened the door, the outside of the twinkie was black with glowing red spots.
it had turned into charcoal.
And on top of that, the cream had gotten so hot that it melted and actually made holes in the glass platter.
And amazingly enough, I didn't get grounded for my stupidity.
I did have to buy my parents a new microwave though.
We went to the verizon store yesterday, they said they were unable
to because I didn't have it insured.
:/ We bought a new one now, but
it's kind of ridiculous there's no way to find out where my phone is
because we didn't want to pay an extra $7 a month for phone insurance.
This is why I ride a tricycle.
Brb I have things to take care of.
#YOLO
So it's EH, eh?
I don't have my contacts in at the moment, so that may have helped, but I read "parties" as "penis." It still made complete sense with either word.
Yeah, that was what I was trying to do...
talk about brain fade.
I did that once but it just made my car stop - the pump was not damaged
of course, I had to take the car to a shop to get it to start again...
You might need some sleep.
there is a mechanism that breaks away for this very reason.
Its not super cheap but it definitely saves the rest of the pump and nozzle from taking damage.
It happens, just make sure you pay the fine.
Gas stations have been taking a hard hit due to the extremely low mark up on gasoline and the slumping inside merchandise sales.
The smell was so powerful that I barfed in my mouth, splattering specks of puke willy
I read this and I thought you said you got puke on your willy too.
It only says all posts have to start with "TIFU" I didn't think it applied here...
this sub is for posting real life stories of how we fuck up ourselves ..
not memes or pics or anything else ..
guess we have to make the sidebar clearer ..
you got like 3 feet of air that time
Even my brand new i3 Lenovo can't manage more than 10 FPS.
It gives me a headache to play.
I have basically the same story, except we were 14 and he got a moped.
I didn't even have to change gears, but I hit some wet leaves and dumped the thing immediately.
That's when I realized that me and motorcycles were not a good combination.
, she wasn't upset at all.
She just looked disappointed, like this had happened before
Do a good job for a few weeks, never repeat the error again, and it'll be forgotten.
Still pretty funny though.
makes him look like a person used to chopping things off.
In retrospect you probably should have said it.
Wasn't that bad.
Could be worse: Wet dream.
Yeah bikes feel really fast, especially when you don't have a cocoon of metal around you.
When I was in the truck we had the cruise control set to 75MPH and he still got a text.
We hate those things, especially when we get chewed out for nothing.
Tell that to her college degree in clinical laboratory science.
Also: here ya go.
Offer it to her mom.
Could have been worse.
You simply confused her name with another similar sounding name.
Race isn't really a factor here.
At my work there's a manager named Conni, I once referred to her as 'cunty' for absolutely no reason at all as she's one of my favorite people there.
Thank god it wasn't to her and I was asking someone else where she was.
Played it off as if I was looking for someone else we both hated.
Aubin.
Aubina.
Aubine.
Aubra.
lol high school drama.
Also, you may want to look into a (
Attach it to your belt or something.
Or put something on your keychain that you need inside the house.
(I can't think of specifically what, though.)
all because you went back to the ex.
lesson learned?
feel better.
have a (
I thought that in most rural areas the more groups you hate the better off you were?
Delete your facebook, hit the gym, yadda yadda yadda.
Lawyer up.
Always lawyer up.
Austin (apparently girls can have this name, surprised me), Autumn
She's probably right.
As a resident of the lovely City of Roses myself I'm trying to pinpoint the location of where this occurred.
The problem being...82nd is RIFE with hookers AND Taco Bells.
Also, what part of NE ISN'T shady?
The only mistake I see here is Taco Bell.
Next time do yourself a favour and hit up Muchas .
Why does that retarded starfish make me smile so much?
82nd and is my general area, so not that far north.
But yes, all of 82nd is pretty shady.
What is Muchas ??
I care because faith encourages satisfaction with lack of knowledge, which royally screws up a functioning democracy.
Not quite as good as a Don Pedro's.
But better than Taco Bell/Time.
It's my go to authentic mexican fast food joint.
I'd say the closest one to your area is the one over by .
102nd between Glisan and Halsey where the Tower records used to be next to the Game stop.
Grab some hot chicken tacos and some video games on the cheap.
Once I started eating there I can't touch Taco Bell...although this new dorito taco they have intrigues me.
Nice, thanks for the tip!
I've only lived here for about 8 months, and I am astounded by the incredible food options (not to mention the insane value of food carts).
Oh, tell me about it.
I've lived here for years and I'm astounded by the amount of options we have to put in our mouth.
Also there's a lot of food.
I love the food carts.
Fun fact a group of carts is known as a Pod.
Like a murder of crows, a pod of food carts.
Damn it, now I'm hungry.
Dude, people tell me I look like Zach G too!
On a couple occasions I've actually posed for pictures with people who thought I was him.
It's a lot of fun.
Quit being so damn lazy and do it on the stove.
Takes 3 min cook time, 1 min boil time, 1 min prep.
So you're saving yourself no time by stinking up the microwave.
you may think you fucked up, but I don't.
I did the same thing once, except no 2 weeks.
I just walked right out.
Didn't end badly.
Meh I'm sure she gets it all the time.
Her parents suck.
there are mods out that make it far less demanding on the system.
I think one is called optifine, but i'm not sure.
point taken
That's like hearing that a white person robbed someone and then saying, "This is why you should never trust a white person."
If you're going to write off a whole group of people because of the action of some of the people in that group then you're going to miss out on a lot.
The article agrees with me: eggs are generally sterile.
to your article, if someone consumed a raw egg every day for a year, the chance that they'd encounter a single contaminated egg is less than 2%
1 minute boil time
Shit, your stove boils water fast.
It always takes me longer to boil water, even when I put it on highest setting.
I did it about a year ago (upset about something and forgot) and drove about 10 feet.
Went back and told the attendant.
About $100.
I think it costs more if you run away and they have to track you down.
An estimated 2,400 people have been sickened from the eggs and more than 550 million eggs have been recalled since early August.
It happens.
So you worship knowledge over satisfaction?
Doesn't make too much sense from an atheist standpoint.
If this life is all you have, why waste it attaining knowledge rather than attaining happiness?
I got gas at my house maybe that's why
Here's something stupid I just thought of: microwave the water first.
, the smartest thing I can do is leave the cooking to my wife.
And yes, I did just refer to making ramen as cooking.
out of hand.
BF and GF can never again be in the same room together.
"Love" is a pretty vague word.
I think OP means the kind that means infatuation.
I find happiness and satisfaction in learning about the world around me.
is so much more classy...
Sounds like you could benefit from the philosophical teachings of .
There's a difference between morally admitting guilt and legally admitting guilt.
are you going to learn to ride a motorcycle properly now?
And if other people get happiness and satisfaction from something else, who are you to stop them?
a date on facebook since you dont see her in person a lot, this is what i did with mine and we have both never been so happy.
The worst she can say is no.
yeah the thing you need to remember about those "girls" is that they cheated on their boyfriends for you they will most likely do the same for another while they are with you.
what kind of toothpaste do you use?
Just to clarify, the firefighters treated it like a joke, so obviously it was not too serious.
Well then it's not so bad then eh?
That sucks bro.
Points for trying...
You're going to hell.
Hey guys this guy's going to hell!
Oh my God i completely lost it when i read that.
Have an upvote
Ya dun fucked up.
That's happened to me.
Only I used hair clippers and it started bleeding.
It sucked ass.
How funny would it be if the plumber posted this on reddit as the receiving end of the piss.
When I was a wee sprog (7) I tried to use my parents' microwave detector - by microwaving it.
It sparked and smoked and scared the crap out of me, so I put it back in the cupboard and I don't think they ever knew why it was all melty on one side.
Sounds terrible.
I woulda lost my shit.
What you mean you let a perfectly good boner go to waste?
That made me laugh out loud.
Then I read it again and laughed a second time.
It concerns me that people who take pride in ignorance vote in large numbers.
Dude, don't do it.
It'll suck later on.
If you really love her, she'll be worth the wait.
I mean if like marraige.
If you just want sex, then go ahead.
worse than an awkward moment with a teacher.
I care because faith encourages satisfaction with lack of knowledge, which royally screws up a functioning democracy.
It concerns me that people who take pride in ignorance vote in large numbers.
I would argue that the biggest threat to democracy is those that say others are unfit to vote
When I read this the other week, I knew it'd get Fuck Up Of The Week!
Good on ya, mate!
Thank you, your upvote eases my the suffering on my dignity.
Did you get home before you realized it?
Oh that is too funny.
I would have been too embarrassed to go back into the store
Great job dude.
What does he teach?
To clarify - I'm not seeking to prevent them from voting, but instead saying it's a bad situation in general.
Holy hell, 9k?!
Some Crest bullshit, I don't know.
Sounds like a sitcom situation.
Most people say 'sober as a judge.'
You've obviously never been on a female subreddit...
I guess you do.
I did that with my moped!!
When I wheeled the bike back into the shop, the mechanic there explained that that was why people weren't allowed to test drive the mopeds.
He said that he's seen people (plural!) drive out of the shop and directly into the parked cars across the street.
I, at least, made it two blocks.
It's people like you that make me sad.
I've had three middle of the night fire alarms in residence for that very reason.
This is why you read the package -.-
My school's biology classroom has a drawer that contains a potato from a lab in 2010.
Every once in a while we interrupt a biology class to check on the thing.
It doesn't look like a potato any more, but I believe it's alive.
every one lays its down the first time...
And that work place...Little Tykes Day Care.
Better it came out now and not years later after a few kids.
That would be awkward.
Oh sorry.
"Girl, this girl's going to hell".
I'm not a sexist, really.
Karma is better than slow roasted karma.
Get it done and out of the way.
My friend was obsessed with a girl he was making inroads with, and he was also making fun of me because I lost my nerve about talking to a girl that I liked.
He clowned me relentlessly in front of our friends.
To get back at him I made a play on this girl.
I never told him or any of our friends and he never found out.
My joy at the time was when he would say 'I had no game' I knew I was on/in every inch of the girl he wanted more than anything.
But 20 years on it still bothers me that I did it.
I await karmic retribution.
This belongs in -
You seem to have something actionable there.
You were correct to leave.
I'm not trying to be mean.
You're not pathetic as a person (who can really say what they are or aren't in high school).
You're acting pathetic.
Just to be clear.
You'll get through it.
It seems big now but it won't be later.
ghetto black people -- that's a tautology
You really can't make yourself feel bad over this.
( happens every single night to every man on earth who does not have erectile dysfunction.
It happens every time you are in REM sleep, sometimes several times in a night.
It is simply just what happens when you fall asleep!
It is completely unavoidable, and anyone who has ever learned anything about psychology, or sleep stages knows this.
It would in fact be weird if you didn't pitch a tent at some point during sleep!
Surely you're not implying that I have never successfully microwaved ramen before.
all about the honey badgers.
I just happened to find TIFU the day after this incident happened and had to share I think it's hilarious.
I will memorize this paragraph.
If this happens again I would love to spout this and look like a horny genius.
I would.
Yeah, everything is expensive in europe.
I once took a couch out of the principal's meeting room and put it in front of his desk to speak with him.
I don't know why I thought that was a good idea, but he sat in stunned silence until I reached his desk, at which point he frowned and said, "put that back!
What's wrong with you?" I put it back and struggled not to laugh, seeing as I was called to the office rather than came of my volition.
Update, now I can play because of a youtube video.
It said to press F3 and it would run smoothly.
I didn't believe it, but he showed it on video and I decided to try.
After that, my FPS count went from 1 to 30+ in an instant and I can now play it.
I have no clue how that works, but you should try that as well!
$400 for dropping a bike on grass?
similar happened to me as I was buying my first bike.
This was about a week after finishing the ( and getting my license.
My father (who used to ride many many moons ago) and I went to meet the seller of a motorcycle I found on .
Cheap bike in good condition, never dropped.
The seller, a nice young lady, let me take the bike for a test ride on her block.
I rode to the end of the block, then slowed to turn around over some gravel.
I felt the rear wheel lose all traction and completely slip out from under me; I went straight down.
I had a huge gash on my elbow (which bled all over my nice work shirt, since I came straight from work), as well as smaller cuts on my hand and leg.
The seller was nice enough to take me into her house and patch me up.
My first, and worst, motorcycle injury.
I still have the scar 5 years later.
I did end up buying the bike, I even paid cash, but not before my dad said "since the bike has been dropped we're going to have to offer you less for it"!
replying to check this later
I once blew up my microwave, thought the weight watchers cookie said on high for five minutes, it actually said let stand for five minutes..
it came out a black sticky mess as well as a burnt up microwave..
good times!
I don't know what you're talking about, this sounds like a HILARIOUS scenario.
I hope you guys had a nice chuckle about it.
This seems horrible to say, but had it been a device with gorilla glass that might have gone better.
Just wait, I believe some Ipods are getting gorilla glass with the next release.
, many android phones have that now.
Either way, sorry for your loss.
I could tell from the first paragraph that this didn't happen in .
20 km/h is nothing on a bike, wtf?
Yeah, his fuck up, not yours.
that video is a gay thing, so trying to shift gears ain't happening.
Invest that quarter.
In like 250 years it will buy you a new iPod.
This is why those things are on a "quick release".
It's a pretty common thing.
But it did?
OP posts in the of sub.
Why would this have been in another country?
I've got just the thing: you should make Ramen!
I hear it's nearly impossible to fuck up.
This is just like the time Lucius Malfoy accidentally threw the sock to Dobby.
I feel for you man, that would sure crush my soul.
Maybe time for that iPhone upgrade?
Could be even worse: It was about her, and OP talks in his sleep.
Were you talking about her in your sleep?
My heart goes out to you OP, in every way possible.
, if he's so closed off to not know that "it gets better" is a campaign to prevent teen bullying and suicide, fuck him.
Hah.
"I looked left"
you don't look left out of the passengers side window...
it's on the right in most (all) cars...
I got really confused for a moment, thinking I was still on ELI5...
I didn't understand what you wanted explained at all D:
Then, I got even more confused, wondering how you get 'run over by a pitch fork'.
D: oh-god-my-head
Would've been even better if you had just turned up out of nowhere and announced your needing to talk to him exactly like that.
That idea sounds like a horrible misuse of the IGB campaign.
i have done this before, except with the cup kind, almost started a house fire
Oh good catch!
Maybe he/she is abroad this semester?
At the cheapest he lost $45.75 (if it was a shuffle, which it probably wasn't).
More likely he lost over $100 in replacement costs.
I really hope he laughed it off and wasn't too serious.
That's what the it gets better campaign is.
To help gay youth.
I personally think he'd be kind of a dick to get too offended.
WELL WHEN A BOX OF OREO'S ARE $5 IN THE GAS STATION AND $1.50 IN A GROCERY STORE, YOU KINDA SET YOUR SELF UP FOR THAT.
Hehe.
This happened to my buddy and me some years ago in a drained retention pond.
Are you Brown?
why do you have milk anyway if you drink lactaid?
I have 2 roommates who aren't lactose intolerant.
They think lactaid tastes weird
I edited that part for clarification.
I guess it wouldn't make sense for me to buy normal milk when it gives me the shits
Meh, didn't he have a sense of humour about it?
ahh thank you
when I read the title for some reason I assumed you were on the bus or something.
would have been much worse.
My condolences sir but this shit (no pun intended) made me laugh with tears.
Looks like someone
puts on sunglasses
Had a shit day
YEEEAAAH
Since when does saying, "I love you" via text, if you have never said it before, lead this girl to the conclusion that you're in a relationship?
And if she is a "best friend" shouldn't she already know that you have a girlfriend?
Either this girl is insane or you have been giving major mixed signals and leading her on.
The mature thing to do would be to explain to this girl what happened before this drama gets out of hand.
I have to admit it sounds as if you're leaving a lot out of this story.
Not if inflation and awkward monetary policy have anything to say about it.
What did Asians have on their cereal before milk without the lactose?
Did you tell your boss that you shit your pants?
for a straight 10 minutes.
Showed Family.
for another 5 minutes.
Upvote.
My best friend IS insane.
Every time she gets a text for
saying I Love You she just goes to that person and says that they are in a relationship, so it's not really my fault.
That is super observant, but the truth is I just misspoke/typed.
It happened in .
Trust me, mine started out like that.
Now I have to take lactaids for almost everything.
Soy Milk/Rice milk.
Both taste better than regular milk.
Well I'm asian, and I'm pretty sure we didn't have cereal.
We had rice.
Just rice.
For thousands of years, just damn rice
I usually go with vanilla soymilk since it makes my cereal taste even sweeter.
I'll trade diarrhea for diabetes.
I'm Asian, too.
So much rice.
All Asians are lactose intolerant?
I bet not!
I don't have this problem on my desktop (Chrome incognito FTW) But I always have 8 tabs of it open in my iPod safari.
If I'm about to hand my iPod to someone, I try to close them all real quick.
Then I end on a video...
and...
well, that happens.
almond milk tastes like liquid sunshine
Screw you for downvoting me.
That's good advice.
more like 60%
That is AWESOME payback, but I agree it is nice that it is over...
it would have ruined our friendship, and he is my best friend.
"Rice is really great if your hungry, and want to eat a thousand of the same thing"
I guess a rule to go by; If she is the one, persue it, but otherwise it is not worth doing that to a friend.
IT GOT RAN OVER, GORILLA GLASS WOULD NOT HAVE SAVED THIS DEVICE
Taste better?
No my friend...no.
Asian, and I can confirm this.
The few times we do buy cereal, we eat it with chopsticks.
I hope not, I was having some weird dreams.
A lot of black people are too
calling bullshit on this one!
I flushed my phone down the toilet once.
Was taking a pill and it fell out of the pocket of my hoodie right when I was flushing the toilet.
Mind you, this was a few years ago, it was a small flip-phone.
ditto...it'd be one thing if they came in containers that were remotely similar...but it takes some serious effort to put toothpaste in your hair.
Don't worry about it!
It looks like your spelling is terrible anyway, so no big deal!
epic!
I've almost been in your same shoes but I got my pants off and sat down fast and sat on my balls :-(
Are you still alive after that?
I am still alive but im no longer a man.
Then please find proof it wouldn't.
They have survived some incredible things.
I loathe the taste of milk.
I always have.
You should just be able to hook the little plastic bracket thing back into the computer and then press the key back on top of that.
, it will all snap back into place.
A lot of dumbass people do this at the gas station I work at.
I can't believe how oblivious some people can get.
Shame on yourself
How could you possible fir 2 oz in your pocket that is a lot of bud
Google optifine, I think it can help you.
Jeez...
That sucks but be thankful you didn't drink whole milk...
You could've blown a hole in your pants D:
This man is the correct redditor.
Asians eat a variety of stuff, mostly hot breakfast.
Soy milk, rice milk, buns, etc.
No cereal.
soy milk (not that flavored vanilla shit) tastes amazing.
So did anyone else find out about this?
Yep not buyin it
you suck at everything
So this was on your work laptop?
That's pretty funny though.
How did he react?
I am a huge mincraft fan, I even host my own servers so here are a few things you can do to make your minecraft run smoothly.
I know that is a lot but it should help loads, and if it is still slightly laggy turn off clouds aswell.
Your "girlfriend" was too horny and you got it on in your bathroom while she was on her period?
That's funny, because I was pretty sure that I was your girlfriend a month ago...
Oh, did you mention to her and everyone else the plans we had for our future?
Did you mention to her all the promises you had made to me, only to break them in the end?
It's really funny because I can't believe I actually thought you were different.
I actually had faith in you, but I learned that you're no different at all.
You're just like them when you promised me you weren't.
You're worse, actually.
I hope you're happy.
I really do.
I hope you come to realize what we could have and should have been.
Now we're nothing and we're going to be like this forever.
I hope you have an awesome future Alex, because the future we had planned, it's never going to happen.
I hope this girl was worth it.
Have an awesome life, because I'm no longer going to be a part of it.
That's what you wanted all along and I'm fine with this decision.
Just know that I actually cared once, I cared more than anything, it's sad all of this had to change.
No coco pops?
Oh.
That's a lot.
U can make almost every pc RUN MC smoothly with optifin
mod:
there is many vids on youtube on installing it so ill link on i think is good
vid:
dosen't matter what version it is as long as your minecraft and the optifin version is the same the steps for installing the mod is the same
Iths
I Drink Energy drink all the time never had a problem with sleep :/ is that a good sign ?
I often have that too, but I was really really deeply asleep as she came in, so I didn't even dream consciously.
The cleaning crew cleaned it up apparently.
No one knows, there's a rumor that the fat guy who smells ate lunch in that empty room and shit his pants (he left early one day for a medical reason, the day after I did it).
it cant be all bad.
maybe he shares your tastes in porn.
I'd trust a GPS with good reception over a cars speedometer, but usually speedos under-read?
Blame the truck.
Where do you find friends with such hot names?
I swear, if I knew a girl named Aubrey or I'd get off just by making her introduce herself all the time.
Over here where I live it's pretty much 6 shitty names repeated over and over again.
Trying to think of a good spin or way to recover from this, but nope, that's pretty bad.
It doesn't even give you a funny story to tell your friends, unless you're comfortable discussing your porn habits, I guess.
I can't tell which of you is the shittier friend.
That's hilarious.
Don't feel bad.
What was his reaction?
Well, convenience != super saver.
Its not price gouging, its the fact that there is a lot more overhead to get and keep that product in the store.
Plus if you're really too lazy to go to the grocery store to get your fatty fat on, I don't feel too bad about you paying more.
Upvote for making me laugh out loud
Taking a pill and flushing?
Or was that a typo for piss...?
blame the bf
look how far apart "L" and "S" are on the keyboard.
This here's a case of popping while pooping
We need to know this!
(And don't you dare fucking say for science.
I swear to god!)
to inhale a peach when I read title.
Thank you for brightening my day.
For science!
TIL Girls watch porn
If this is a regular thing for her with anyone, then it shouldn't be that big of a deal when you break the news to her.
Sure, she'll probably be upset, but she's dealt with it before.
Can't even blame autocorrect, I was on my laptop posting this.
Yes, I meant piss
How the bloody fuck did she make that mistake?
This is not your fault, it's hers.
IAMA request, girls who watch porn.
fuck you for driving drunk.
I brought you a study aide.
Yeah, I know.
Dear God!
You're indebted to both of them forever!
I don't think my sexy friend will be my sexy friend anymore.
I'm gonna have to build them a cake or something.
You should have left it open and said, ".
Nice try.
Who stuck the porn on my computer when I was away?
I'll second that motion.
check if your car has any parts missing , there was a post about a hit and run on the front page and there was a piece of trim left at the scene.
No missing pieces that I can see immediately.
I've got a motion for that.
...you may proceed to downvote.
I'll start.
DM;HS
The title of this post should be "TIFU: tried to kill someone, but failed"
I won't be doing that anymore.
I wish someone would have stopped me and kicked my ass.
did the same thing to the same model laptop a while back, it was a bitch getting them back on.
the two little white clasps go together like a folding chair, google can tell you better than me though
Also, I'm a woman and my boss is a man if that adds any more layers of awkward.
it was more awkward for him than you.
Please update I wards the end of the day to see if he did anything.
By that I mean if you were written up or given a verbal or asked out.
street bikes are fragile.
cheerios are the easiest to eat?
Just load up one chopstick with 40 or so and down the hatch!
I think it would have been less awkward if the boss had a sense of humor and laughed about it.
Or maybe laughed at you while it happened.
I would have totally laughed at you.
I fucked the girl my friend had a huge crush on after hanging out with him and her in his apt all night.
She brought me home so I laid her down by the fire.
6 months later we were fighting about how our anti relationship was becoming a relationship.
I ended up saving my friend from sticking his dick in crazy.
We're still best friends, but I think screwing one another over has been integrated in our relationship.
If the girl your friend likes doesn't like him it really doesn't matter that you kissed her.
He's obviously in no hurry to make a move.
If you really want something you don't ask for it, you demand it.
What is ?
There are milk farts, and there are onion farts.
Onion farts are the worst.
oohhh man.
moral of the story, make sure to close ALL windows before closing your laptop.
don't get an ipod if you're gonna be so clumsy
You get an A for effort.
Any sweet pix?!
I would trust the GPS over a cable controlled spedometer because they don't stay accurate for long.
But our work trucks are modern, and have magnetically controlled speedometers.
They work by using a magnet and hall sensor to accurately determine the speed, the only way they could mis-read is if we changed the tire sizes from stock, which we haven't.
I would guess this is just one of those scenarios that never gets discussed again, ever.
Sweet sweet repression!
I don't get this story i her it a lot on reddit .
how dose this happen Mid porn an full blast to close the lid to the lap top?
you don't think i should close the window.
maybe it is just be that when i close my laptop it dose not shut off or any thing but how/-
It's an adult video chat site that always pops up when going to certain websites, or so I am told...
So, what kind of porn was it?
A very irritating popup that seems to find its way to my desktop more than I'd like after inspecting adult websites.
I mean, now I wonder what things would be like if I had NEVER said it...
I couldn't, I'm on my phone and didn't care enough to google a keyboard.
I don't use a laptop for much these days...
still not buying that someone can be that unaware of the difference in container size, especially when done on a daily basis.
Unless you did out on purpose just so you'd have a shitty story to tell your future children...and I don't condone you to have children if you're really this dumb
Where do you live?
Her mom wouldn't be laughing if your girlfriend ended up pregnant...
It would be even more awkward if he gave you a promotion.
Guess I'm lucky.
Hahah dude you got saved man!
oh you.
Come on over.
I've been trying to think of a 'roll out' joke for this, I'll be back soon with one hopefully
How much are plane tickets?
How did you type the 'z'?
You sound like a blast to work with...
"Did you hear what ta1901 did today?!"
The last time it flew off my nightstand went flying through the air and landed it milk.
I had done absolutely nothing to it, just decided to fly away into a glass of milk.
Why does everyone act like driving drunk automatically leads to death?
drunk isn't really that much of a risk when your friends aren't fuck-ups and who have a 100% realistic, honest grasp of their own capabilities.
Too much to come kick my ass for something I know I shouldn't have done and won't do again.
I agree, but I honestly should not have been driving.
Not that I'm advocating buzzed driving or anything, but I was beyond shitfaced.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
All you can do in a situation like that is (
Love to you, and thanks for caring about your fellow humans.
Better to err on the side of goodness than on the side of cynicism.
BOOP!
Dude, that car is boss!
Old cars rule.
What's the year, make and model?
If you didn't kill or hurt anyone, what's the problem?
I just don't get why everybody automatically labels people who drive drunk, regardless of the outcome, as an asshole.
"But he/she could have--" BUT THEY FUCKING DIDN'T.
GET OVER IT.
Upvote for recognizing you're an idiot and that you owe your sexy friend and her roommates for redecorating their bathroom.
did you tell her that it was a video guide on what to do?
I told a friend of mine I had browsed through her reddit history.
Slip #1
I tried to explain that I didn't do it with those intentions and just wanted to understand more about her.
Slip #2, you do that by talking with them.
If they're comfortable enough with you, they'll be open.
I said I wouldn't have even told her if I wanted to "stalk" her
Slip #3, just comes across as creepy
I only wanted her to know I sympathized with her about certain things that she poured her heart out on reddit about.
The key word is "on reddit", I'm a lot more open about subjects on the internet as opposed to in person, as are many people.
Just back off and let it simmer down, if it does simmer down.
on my account I wouldn't care too much if someone creeped me, but I don't usually pour my heart out.
To be fair, there wasn't any way to check any of the facts and you presented SRD with literally as much as possible.
You can't be faulted for saying "was" instead of saying "might be" when you felt like there was no reason to say otherwise.
It's okay.
her reddit wasn't going to win her over anyway.
If he liked it then he should'a put'a ring on it.
Thanks for the advice.
The thing is she's been very distant with me lately and unwilling to share her feelings.
She also sometimes got annoyed and particularly sensitive to certain things I said and I couldn't understand why and she wouldn't tell me.
through some past comments, I now understand why she felt that way.
I know it was the wrong thing to do since I see how upset she is now but she's important enough to me that I wanted to understand her emotionally.
She's quite reserved in person in general so I guess I should've been sensitive to that too.
I really did fuck things up with her and it's all I can think about right now...
Yeah, so what if I ran around outside with a blindfold on shooting a gun.
I didn't hit anyone!
Get off my back!
Put on some running shoes and go for a jog, it'll clear your head.
I'm stressing about something it's what I do to calm down.
I understand that it's cliche advice, but it really does help.
First of all, it's a flawed metaphor - you're impaired while drinking, not completely deprived of one of your 5 senses.
It's like playing soccer with leg braces - hard to do, not perfect, but not impossible if you know your capabilities.
As for the terms of said metaphor: if you don't hurt someone, fine.
I'd probably be laughing at your dumb ass.
But the second you injure someone, especially my loved ones, I'll fuck you up beyond repair.
Simple, no?
I've had this happen drinking a large gulp of water.
Tunnel vision then the next thing I new I was on the floor with a gash on the back of my head from hitting the corner of the refrigerator.
5 stitches later I was good as new.
everyone's well being at risk is what makes you an asshole.
Not hurting anyone doesn't change that.
It just makes us all lucky.
What the fuck?
What a pussy.
You'd think a 15 year old boy would enjoy having a girl sit on his face.
So, if theres no way to check the facts, why go on the offense like this?
Yes, yes...
Uhhh...
Have been told this as well.
accepted.
I had someone in my family commit sucide too.
At least you'll get one thing out of this experience - you may not be done working through the feelings from that event.
Keep up the good fight.
What do you mean?
Don't worry; life is a dance.
you kick ass, and other times you suck dick.
This its just one of those times you suck dick.
Think about it this way: if not this, we would all have been looking for something else to be wrongfully pissed about anyway.
, and how does accusing someone of hacking a Gmail account qualify as appropriate revenge anyway?
I'm glad that the darkening of my pants brightened your day!
Oh and I didn't tell my boss I shit my pants.
That makes me the real boss.
On the other hand, regardless of the outcome, the assholes who egged him on are dicks.
I wholeheartedly concur.
He wanted to get me in trouble, he seriously has some problems.
I just told my teacher that they wrote hateful things about me on google plus (all the dudes in my grade uses it...
eww.) because I said something about being an atheist...
I just wanted to delete them as he didn't listen to me tell him.
Autism.
Also, still not a real name.
Pun intended?
Yeah, true.
But it doesn't seem to click that way in his mind.
I think he means, why claim proof when there is none.
He's obviously gay
OP knows his/her capabilities and admits that driving at that point in time was not one of them.
At that point it's more chance that no one was hurt than capability.
through...
good...Enough.
I AM A MALE AND I HAVE NEVER EVER, VISITED A WEBSITE RELATING TO PORNOGRAPHY.
NOR HAVE I EVER MASTURBATED!
We're at risk from construction workers, pilots, other (sober) drivers, pedestrians, office workers, cooks and thousands of other people all around us every single day.
Your point?
You admit it, but still.
Bad choice.
Ditch the keys next time, give them to someone else.
I respect that you know you fucked up, so have an upvote.
Oh, and DM;HS
You had me going there for a little bit.
tad never claimed to have proof.
I kinda did.
I'm totally going to use that.
I wanna watch the video, link?
1975 Malibu
Now you're just being condescending not doing a very good job of it.
I was being serious.
We're at risk every minute of every day from accidents and purposeful actions alike.
getting drunk then driving home is fine with me, so long as nobody gets hurt.
If they hurt someone, throw the book at them.
If not, who cares?
I've come close to being taken out by drunk sober drivers alike hundreds of times.
You know what I did?
I GOT THE FUCK OUT OF THE WAY.
Unless you're a completely unobservant fucktard, it's not all that difficult to spot an oncoming car.
So unless you're deaf, blind or crippled, you have no excuse for not dodging a vehicle that you can see and/or hear coming from hundreds of feet away.
Good point.
Also, when I speak of someone's capabilities, I'm also implying that they're someone who's smart enough to go, "Man, I am WAY too fucked up to drive".
I've ridden w/ drunk drivers who are all alive safe because they know when they're too impaired to be safe.
Never even come close to having an accident with 'em.
Sorry, I thought you were trolling me.
Now I'm not sure if you are or not.
Add adblocker as a chrome extension.
Live Jasmin no more.
Stops all sorts of pop ups.
Do a barrel roll?
I'm not.
Heh I'm not really sure I want more people to watch that video.
then I think you're really trying to justify a needless risk.
I think driving drunk is an unjustifiable risk that puts others in an unacceptable amount of danger.
Thanks for the support, my friend!
that shit happened to me 3 times...never got ramen again
Give it time, a few months down the road "randomly" run into her or message her.
Or text her.
At that point she will have probably forgotten what made her mad at you.
I have had numerous people say they never want to talk to me again.
But out of ten theres only 2 I dont talk to now.
I think if it weren't you, someone else would have posted.
It's what most people seemed to be concluding.
A couple of years ago one of my best friends (a girl) confessed that she was really into me (a guy) I told her that I didn't share those feelings.
She already had a pretty good notion this would be the case seeing as I eventually want to have kids, and she never wants to have kids, and that this is a big deal for me.
It was a little bit awkward for a bit afterwards, but she moved on, and we're still really close friends.
Talk to her, tell her that it was something you needed to say even if you knew nothing would come of it.
Tell her you still want to be friends, and that you don't want this to end things.
people in harm's way, period, sucks.
something is justifiable or not is really subjective, anyway.
: say a guy puts a kid in a wheelchair for life because he was driving 100 mph over the speed limit in an attempt to get his wife to the hospital when she started going into labor.
Is that guy crippling another human being somehow more okay than if the kid had been crippled by a drunk driver?
I submit that it fuckin' ain't.
Bottom line?
If you hurt someone, fuck you - you should have the book thrown at you.
I consider OP more of an asshole for not having good aim with his puke than for driving drunk.
Do a pussy roll?
Upvote for implying I wasn't smart enough to realize I shouldn't have been driving
Well, if you drove drunk when you now admit you shouldn't have, then you weren't, LOL
I did this the other day
I am fun to work with, but I don't usually make mistakes like this.
Had no idea I could faint from stuffing my face with food, nor did I know I could cut a soda can with a dull pocket knife.
Who woulda thunk?
What happens if you do a full system scan with your anti-virus?
Will your AV find rootkits?
Also turn off Java in your browser but leave on .
For realzies?
This happened do my buddy and I near a retention pond too!
Except it wasn't drained.
ponds are fun as well as excellent places to light up under cover of darkness.
if they have a sewer entrance nearby.
Those are fun to visit.
, I would've loved for that to happen to me.
I got banned from SRS just for calling out one of the circlejerkers.
It was my first post and from "submit" to "banned" took about 24 seconds.
the mods are edgy about this whole issue I guess...
I cut them with scissors.
It's easy.
calling bullshit.
doesnt squirt out of the tube anything similar to shampoo, nevermind that the containers are nowhere similar
Did you tell him you were just joking.
How long were you two dating?
He should be aware or your sense of humor by now
Except for the shitting part, this happened to me 4 times last summer.
Always when it was fairly hot/humid, and always when I was smoking.
I didn't not eat, but I may not have had enough to eat.
I'd start sweating and shaking and I'd pass out and apparently convulse a little for a couple seconds and then I'd be okay.
A little weak and shaky but fine.
Never figured out what really was the cause or how to avoid it.
It would be better if your novelty account was :)
This is one of my worst fears when on FB...
I should mention that I've driven when I probably shouldn't have.
A lot of good people I know have done it.
I couple really wonderful people that I know have actually gotten DWIs.
These are people that I respect and are generally very smart.
They just screwed up.
that I know that admits to driving after they've had too much to drink says that it was a mistake and they got lucky.
I don't think we should crucify people for messing up now and then especially if they learn from their mistakes.
You know you can unlike it right?
If you'd unliked it quickly enough it would never have even shown up in her notifications...
hme
There are some fucked up people on that website too, I tell you.
EDIT: Very small rocks?
There are female subreddits?
and here I thought there were no girls on the internet.
I almost bought a '73 Malibu, but it sold before I could get to it.
It all worked out though, and I love my '76 Delta 88 Royale, lol.
I can't tell if you're male or female - if female: Have you seen the purses that people make out of jean material sometimes?
Not sure if there's a male-friendly equivalent, but that might get you thinking!
( They can (almost) do anything to fix jeans.
OP this ain't shit.
everybody there saw it including me...
you got off lucky :)
removed.
please start the title with TIFU and repost.
my fastest banning was and it took like 6 hours
My philosophy is somewhat akin to the Chitty Chitty Bang Bang song:
From the ashes of disaster grow the roses of success
, if you fuck up, you don't try and rewrite/undo.
You work damn hard and you right wrongs like a baller.
Edit: It was the film about the flying car not the flying nanny
I am a male and I have regularly masturbated since I was 10.
I recently decided to quit.
I am currently 10 days into the 90 day challenge.
It kinda sounds to me like Mr.Nice Guy just got himself shut down.
If she was distant from you before, There was probably a reason.
You should take the hint.
Kinda sounds like your about ready to stalk her anyway.
sisterofblackvisions=hoax
blackvision=true
It's high school, whatever, it'll be over in 2-3 years anyway, and no, it won't be put on your permanent record.
Take it in stride, sport.
If she asks you about it, admit it is true and ask her where you two go from here.
Her reaction/answer will tell you all you need to know.
it or not, I wasn't always so nice to her.
I acted inconsiderately towards her in the past and she let me know that but still forgave me.
I started to really try to be sensitive to her but found some things I said would still offend her.
That's the only reason I did it, and I did find out more about what she was sensitive about.
The one sensitivity I overlooked was the one she has about revealing her personal feelings, so obviously I know I fucked up, that's why I'm here.
idk what happened dude, i thought it was funny.
I would, it'd open up new positions for you.
This is an old post but I felt like I must share my similiar story.
for an entire summer, I wake up one morning and hear raining outside.
I remember my bike is out there so I run out the back door, put it away, turn around to go back inside and find the door is locked.
So is front door...
and garage door.
While I'm trying to figure out how to get in, it starts raining harder, then suddenly...
tornado siren goes off.
Kind neighbor let me use their phone and my stepdad drove like 80 MPH to get there to save me from the threat of tornado.
All the while I'm still in my jammies.
We have a rule in the sidebar: "No unoriginal or ordinary posts." If the community feels that "shit myself" posts have become unoriginal, there are two things that can happen.
First, you as a user can downvote these posts if you don't like them.
Second, if this is not enough (even though the first part indicates more than a vocal minority feel this way), the mods can remove them.
We don't try to shape the content in the sub more than we have to.
If you don't like it, and if the community feels the way you do, those posts will be downvoted.
One of the first ones that became "unoriginal" was the "I spent all day on reddit" posts.
The difference is that shitting your pants is not a very ordinary event.
A possible step (albeit unnecessary IMO) is the creation of a list of "unoriginal posts" that are removed immediately by the mods.
, I think that if the community doesn't like the posts, the posts will get downvoted, and there is no need for mod intervention with this.
Those two things combined (I found this out the hard way) can cause enough of a drop in blood pressure to make you woozy, lightheaded, and possibly black out.
Not a repost.
This was definitely a first for me, and hopefully a one-time occurrence.
Can you link to the other post you're thinking of?
If his computer is anything like my old computer (which I would imagine it is), I would recommend "Render : Tiny" and ": "
i3 Doesn't mean anything for a game like (or most games that don't involve any complex AI etc.
for that matter).
What you need is a decent graphics card, because Intel HD (which most i3 computer have) offloads rendering to the CPU instead, putting even more strain on it.
I would recommend setting every option to the minimum, and installing some relevant version of (
I hate the general notion that is a basic game graphically.
It's the very notion that causes TIFUs like the OP's.
requires an awful lot of graphics power to render 2000+ blocks 60 times a second.
And that's before you count entities.
Sure the low resolution textures help, but when it comes to graphical performance it's polygons that count.
And has a hell of a lot of polygons.
Think of a large, square floor in any other game.
It contains two triangles.
Now think of one, say 50x50 block, square floor in .
It contains 5000 triangles, two for each of the 2500 blocks.
not your advice being downvoted, dude .
That's well and good.
I just wanted to know if I was alone in this.
when not meaning to is always funny.
Would've been boss mode right there.
Ha, just when you think it couldn't get any worse...
Dude what the hell?
who has their friend's account browses their submission history.
Did you browse her submission history?
Or mention you read thirty pages of her comments?
She's either definitely being a cunt or you're definitely being creepy.
quick like Raiden.
Not bad.
There's this breakfast joint in my little college town that serves bomb ass 99 cent breakfasts.
They open at 5am, and it's like a badge of honor if you were able to party all night, then make it there.
One particular morning, the kids at the table next to us were being friendly and all was well until this kid dropped his ipod into his apple juice.
Ipod.
Into APPLE juice.
I was way too high from my 4:20am smoke to handle it.
I laughed loudly, then snickered for a good 10 minutes while they shot us dirty looks.
You'd have to google a keyboard?
Put your hands on a pretend one, type your name or something then just reach for the 2 letters you're curious about.
Sounds like your grandma has an awesome sense of humor.
The ladder fell, the friend didn't do anything wrong.
I read the story wrong too the first time.
Now i'm starting to believe this guy is out of his mind.
So, making sure the coast is clear, I blow the light as well
Very similar situation with me and high school football back in the day.
I don't really have much advice since I still regret it to today, but just head up.
Yeah, I don't type properly.
Not to say I look down, but I still kinda feel it out the whole time...
class was about three years ago, and I use my phone for just about everything...
keyboard.
I appreciate it man, its crazy how impact full games let alone highschool games are to us
How about you tell that to my friend who broke two legs and needed a knee replacement because he was hit by a drunk driver.
Give him a few years doll.He will change his mind on that one I can tell ya!
At least you got clean!
Before she has a chance to talk to you about it, make a move.
Go on the offensive.
Now is your best chance.
Take her bowling or mini golfing or some stupid shit where you have fun together and can get to know her.
Move on...
If she stays mad forever than forget her, if not then you have your friend back and a funny story to reference
Im sorry, but lol...
this is why i got rid of my facebook.
I embarrass myself enough in the real world
Any chance of finding replacements, even used or special order
Your title made me laugh sooo hard!!!
Now they remind you of your grandma even more.
inb4hugeshitstormofdownvotes.
Talk to a tailor?
Are you going to college?
You can start over there.
I don't know much about how the tryout processes work, but you can try to be a walk-on or something.
I'm going to college but I never had intentions to play.
If I did, I'd have to have started preparing long ago by playing on showcase teams.
Not my thing.
I keep telling myself it's only highschool baseball, maybe time will erase the regret...hopefully haha
Was he in a car?
Why does everyone think it's so impossible to be able to analyze your reflexes speed when drunk compensate accordingly?
I've seen it done dozens of times.
You're right, though - don't crucify people just because they fuck up once or twice learn from it.
, I consider that a separate lesson.
Wait, are you (
Beg him to take you again then, you stupid twat.
No a drunk driver hit him from behind.
This requires more detail, especially considering the rather cryptic title.
It has only been two days...
Go back:)
And he didn't hear it, see headlights, anything?
How the hell?
Pics.
This is so unfortunate!
But also a really good story and I have been there.
This is why I subscribed to this subreddit.
, though I'm sorry to hear about your loss.
This is actually what I've been trying to do and it's been working relatively well.
I guess only time will tell
I love you
you see the thing is, you hear and see headlights of cars passing you all the time...
thats what normal cars do while driving.
I think the fundamental point youre missing here is that youre shifting the blame from the driver to the victim.
Dont you think any person struck by a drunk driver would have avoided it if they had the ability to?
Lol, nope.
I've done similar.
Went to pick up a piece of litter, and my HP 720 fell out of my shirt pocket.
Still worked, but the screen cable broke.
I took it apart to try and fix it, but it's still in pieces 4 years later...
Yup.
You'll get to play again when you're adult in some rec league, then you can play just for fun
Work your ASS off and walk on at whatever college you go to, fresh slate, new coach, new opportunity
:) I'm so glad to have discovered this reddit because when I do ridiculous shit all I want is someone to laugh at me with me.
It's painful to laugh at me alone...
She was seriously heated about the irrationality of them.
she was hi-larious.
Ok this I wondered too!
Like...are there ways to track down old styles/clothes?
I did a brief ebay and google search and couldn't find anything...wasn't sure where else to look...any ideas?
Virgin of no use.
I didn't set fire to my grandma, nor did she ever burn her crotch off, that I know of.
So...no, not really.
Call some custom tailoring shops.
(google will help you) It'll probably run you 40-80 USD.
Suxs, but tailors (at least where I live) are expensive if you want a good job.
Also, some dry cleaners perform alterations, and might put a new junk holder in you pants.
MY BEST ADVICE IS TO LOOK UP REVIEWS OF SHOPS. I had to buy another special order 350 USD suit jacket cause some shop screwed it up.
If you know any military, ROTC/JROTC, or something similar, they may know of a good place to get alterations.
What do you think of the "denim therapy" one commenter suggested?
I was thinking of looking into that...I'm not sure how that would compare price-wise to a tailor but it seems like it would be similar...
hillarious Stunt!!
I was sitting in one of those chairs with the desk-top attached.
I guess I dreamed I was jumping and must have jumped up -- INTO the desk and promptly began to fall sideways out of the desk-chair contraption.
I woke up somewhere mid-falling...very disoriented, very confused.
Found myself on the ground lying sideways next to my chair in the middle of class with classmates staring at me like I'm nuts.
Oh yeah we were taking a test too.
So I assume it was quiet before the sound of me hitting the desk and then the floor.
This was weeks ago, that shit is long healed.
You should have lied and said a wild boner appeared.
Would have been much funnier.
Is there a scar?
I thought it was because this crazy fool got out of his car with the keys in it.
I'd argue that every shit-in-pants story is different and unique, you know like a shit-colored, shit-smelling snowflake.
I'd agree with you if there wasn't any context involved, but that isn't the nature of /tifu.
That's actually their policy, I believe.
It's the only subreddit I know of in which circlejerking is fucking codified.
For your future tech problems,
You could take it to an alterations place and see what they can do
If they can't do anything about it;
You could probably make a purse out of them.
it into something like a purse?
If you want.
Maybe a backpack.
Teddy bear.
Dog bed.
that just occured to me, instead of getting new denim, and patching said hole, the tailors could probaly take a tiny bit from each leg.
It would avoid different fadedness.
it would look better.
Trust me.
You could also frame them.
It makes a great conversation piece.
When you try to fart, but fecal matter spews from your anus.
I don't understand this post at all.
Ok so my sport is/was bowling.
I never did get a whole lot of guidance from him but thats ok.
I love the game, it was fun to practice and learn new techniques etc.
etc.
Went to San Jose State where I made the team my first year, was in the starting 5 on the A team before more experienced players won their spots back, no prob still a freshman.
year, learned a lot, but took me a while for it to all come together, so I spent most of that year on the B team.
Junior year is when it all started to go haywire.
I spent all of summer and the first part of fall semester training for tryouts.
Only to miss the team, but was still allowed to redshirt.
Now here's where it gets good...
My coach bowled the same league on nights with me, and we left Friday morning for Reno.
I'm gonna ask him if he's made a decision...
"Ya know man, I know what you're gonna ask me and I'm gonna have to stop you for a second, right now I'm thinking I'd rather go a man down than bring you along.
Wow fuck me right?
after seeing how he messed up I was reinstated and by I was back on the A team again, great right?
Wrong.
So expecting that my strong showing from the bench earned me a spot to bowl in the bowling version of the playoffs I kept training hard.
Only to find out that I was passed over for the 7th and 8th best players on our team (I was number 3)
As for now, I just bowl league with friends that I used to bowl with in college.
Like you the friends I made while playing I would never trade, way too many good memories (and great stories from vegas, oh those girls from Weber State...mmm good times).
TL,DR: My coach was a dick too, shit happens, neither of us are going pro so either find a way to enjoy it on your own level or just dont do it and find a new love, like girls!
I read that as "nice-EEE!" like a high-pitched wailing sound.
if he elaborates I will upvote.
the prior.
Even if he is browsing through either of those and is being creepy, non-cunts do not go apeshit.
hell, if it matters that much don't go near her for a while( she thinks you are a stalker).
Give it a little time to simmer down.
she'll realise how unreasonable she's being.
she's the kind of person I once pissed off three years ago with one stupid line which she still has not forgotten and despises me for( ergo bad place; not worth it).
Please for the love of science, move on.
I should also point out that excessive reading of someone's reddit comments/submmissions is a tiny bit stalkery.
Unless the person you are looking at has some amazing comments/submissions going past the first page is a bad sign.
I feel like tattoos are a lot more permeant than any article of clothing.
It's something you will always see and you'll constantly be reminded of.
But I just really like tattoos.
that or he hurt his face and has been taught that the appropriate response is to report her to the authorities( In this case, the school).
Wow, you didn't fuck up at all.
Stop telling yourself that you did something wrong and go complain about the injustice of this bastard's actions on an appropriate subreddit.
(get the eff off my subreddit with you and your accidents which weren't your fault and your shitty male classmate who made you feel bad unnecessarily!)
is right, swallow your pride and get back in it.
Op will deliver soon enough..
I have nothing else to say to this.
Upvote for Kaluh
Tough day.
bummer, I bet you wont do that again, learn from your mistakes!
The original fuckup was deciding to cyber-stalk some girl who has no obligation to be emotionally open to you.
Then you told her and tried to explain how not creepy it is.
Sorry, dude, it is pretty creepy.
Keep that shit on the DL.
You must have very strong bones.
Dude, I feel the same way.
My other half can fuck up a premade frozen burger patty, magically turning it into a hockey puck.
She does put a smiley face in mustard on it though.
Never underestimate the power of pretending that something didn't happen.
I'm betting it has to do with the high rate of drunk driving accidents.
One time my girl friend was driving me home around 11 PM she told me her mom was out drinking and then ask me if i wanted to come over i hate myself so much.
All we ever hear are about the accidents.
There's no accurate data on how many people drive drunk DON'T have accidents.
For all we know, drunk driving accidents could be a rarity.
I'm not saying that everyone should drink before they drive all the time.
, this is a point of view I think needs to be considered.
Rather than just "OMG YOU DROVE DRUNK AND NOBODY GOT HURT?
YOU HORRID PIECE OF SHIT!"
He sounds like a baby...
Yep :3
I wouldnt consider this a fuck up.
Its more like fun than anything.
HINT: You're drunk so you are 10x likely to bring shit it that probably isnt cool but oh well.
If I were you I wouldn't worry about.
YOU ARE DRUNK.
I once REALLY burned my arm on the hot as fuck bulb of my bedlamp.
Whoa that hurt.
The skin looked redly for weeks, and looked very strangely white right after I burned it.
The issue is that "keep scrolling" doesn't help un-read the title.
I would say that almost certainly most of the time nothing bad happens when people drive drunk.
Does that make it an acceptable risk?
I don't think so.
If people only end up hurting someone else 5% of the time you'd still be a douche bag for taking that needless risk.
Since I've already said I've driven after too many, yes, that makes me a douche bag.
We all are sometimes.
The important thing is to learn from our mistakes and try to do better next time.
Please read the sidebar before posting.
"Start all posts with "TIFU" in the Title."
How did you cockblock your friend?
why would you drink half a bottle of ?
Yeah...this.
You deserved it for drinking half a bottle of Nyquil.
Jesus man, what made you do that?
Pretty much any answer you give, i'm still going to call you a dumbass.
what if i told you there was an alien invasion and i had to drink there ships fuel so they couldn't make anymore of there food or air that is unnecessary for them to live.
what if i also told you that the aliens used NyQuil as fuel, half a bottle to be exact.
to get high
I feel bad for your grandparents.
Being drunk doesn't excuse you from anything though.
It was still a dick move.
OP, just apologize to your friend, if they're a good friend they'll let this one slide.
My sister had been the last person who texted me.
That conversation window was still open.
The "attach picture" option automatically starts with the most recent picture taken.
Not that complex.
It's okay.
Don't cower away from it.
Own your fail.
People will see you have a sense of humor about it, then they'll forget.
You could have just poured it out/boiled it/poured it into the ocean.
You just overdosed, bro.
what if i told you i couldn't???
finally i can check that of my list!
Ahh so it was more of a bullshitstorm
Your poor grandparents.
They probably thought you were fucking dead!
I'd call you a liar.
Stop trying to get high from cough medicine.
i guess that's good advice but what if the aliens invade again?...what then?
His poor grandparents, having to deal with an idiot who drinks cough medicine when they realize he's still alive...
and is just a dumbass.
It's a JS popup not Java.
You won't think aliens are invading if you're not high.
i was on my side thank you
You do realize that eventually there will be redundant posts about just about any subject because there are only so many misfortunes people can go through
You win.
That day, we didn't fuck up.
Huzzah, my friends.
Huzzah.
Right, that's why we like when posts have detailed descriptions of the fuck-up, because no two situations are identical.
We just try to steer clear of anything too ordinary, if that makes sense.
We at TIFU believe that the fuck-ups that "people can go through" are unlimited.
Been there with the cough syrup experiences.
Never NyQuil, however.
is this a cry for help.
emo
i didn't think nyquil had the dxm in it.
either that or it's more expensive than the generic with dxm, therefore stupid.
You're going to rot your liver with the amount of acetaminophen in there.
But hey, a buzz is a buzz!
You want to get high?
Smoke some weed.
That won't kill you, you asshat.
I was honestly about to post this.
Not to mention how skeptical I am of the apparent truth that 90% of genuine fuck-ups must involve pants-shitting.
You must be new here.
out of weed?
drink NyQuil.
my unfortunate mindset at the time
Or draw her portrait.
endangerment is stupid.
You're seriously an idiot to be arguing the contrary.
MOST POINTLESS BORING NON EVENTFUL TIFU EVER
You are a dumbass.
I want to say lots of mean things about how you should have done the rest of humanity a favor and died, but I'm not that kind of person.
Just don't do it again.
And try to get some help.
The next time you think about doing something like drinking a half a bottle of Nyquil, try talking to someone about your problems instead.
You can talk to me if you like.
I will listen.
For future notes, NyQuil contains a lot of extra ingredients alongside the one that gets you high.
Take it from someone whose knowledgeable on the subject, a good potion of said chemicals will KILL YOU if you take too much.
You are lucky you threw up.
I'm normally all for drugs and such, but you apparently haven't proven yourself to be responsible enough to handle them.
You should probably just...stop.
You have never been offroading in a Land Rover have you?
Type your password then.
Surely you have the motions for that memorized!
your fingers should move on their own.
burritos at Muchas are bomb.
HOw do you 'accidentally' drink that much
Well now I know that can't kill a person.
dumbass
edit: I keep my word.
goood fucking idea.
username?
Buy real drugs like a man
How could it not be?
You TOLD the principal?!?!
What were you going to do?
but that.
How about use those karate kid skills to beat down the beat downers?
This can't be serious.
I lol'ed.
can be lol'ed to on TIFU
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, not Mary .
You should be happy with your decision.
If you weren't having a good time, tired of wasting your time and effort, embarrassed, and tired of raking the field for younger kids, there should be nothing to regret.
The fact that you were determined enough to do so much work for so long and got better proves that you can succeed anywhere you go.
All you have done is opened doors.
Hahaha those damn livejasmin adds are so damn sneaky.
who cares?
one time in 8th grade, this girl and I told the whole band that we'd do the dance from if they voted us as historians.
We got the votes and at the end of the year, got called out on not ever doing the dance, in front of everyone and the directors.
They all remembered.
Oh, and I had a big problem of my face getting reeeally red in front of people, which they'd always point out.
or beat up the beat uppers
I agree with your first two lines.
But, sorry, fuck you for blaming men's lack of romanticism on shitty women.
Women can blame their trust issues on shitty men, but hiding behind an excuse like that just feels so ignorant to me.
and I disagree with your whole post.
fuck you for blaming men's lack of romanticism on shitty women.
Women can blame their trust issues on shitty men, but hiding behind an excuse like that just feels so ignorant to me.
(quoting for preservation)
in short: "woman can but men can't".
makes no sense.
You'll get over it.
We all do.
She IS a whore.
No apologies.
And now you're basically doing the same thing on reddit.
whats the relevancy of 9pm?
thats early in my book.
maybe she wanted the 'boy toy' to make her crumpets and tea?
My mistake!
I remember when I realized why my parents didn't want me to show girls my room.
I'll never let me live that down.
I'm here since the 8th day of this subreddit.
this post inspired me to go find my old myspace account, but i couldn't find it :c
why must i have so many email addresses...
Stop feeling entitled.
You're not her parent.
If she wants to be distant, let her be distant.
It's her choice and you have to respect that.
You can't force people to like you.
There's something needy about this whole thing that leaves a sour taste in my mouth.
People have boundaries.
You screwed up and you desperately trying to salvage this friendship by repeatedly calling/texting her is only making it worse.
It's a matter of dignity.
You tried to be friendly and it backfired, we get that.
, you seem to value her friendship more than she seemed to be valuing your friendship.
My advice to you is to simply, for a lack of a more gender equal word, man up and move on.
The only thing you can do is to learn from this and in the future, when you undoubtedly make better friends, give people their own space.
I think you're a person who is already very empathetic, kind and simply interested in the betterment of other people.
the lessons incorporated in this experience will only serve to propel you to become an awesome friend.
If someone doesn't take a likening to the Karn as a good thing they are probably secretly (not secret anymore i guess) a huge doucher and need to lighten the fuck up
People shitting themselves will forever be entertaining.
Umm...Okay.
Wow.
I wish I was better equipped to answer this, this is far deeper than the norm in this sub.
I'm wondering if you skipped the part about cockblocking a friend on purpose or if you're not understanding what cockblocking actually means.
Either way, but a round for your friends the next time you go out.
"Stupid drunk" happens occasionally and is forgivable with a minor token of apology.
On the other hand, if you really did cockblock a friend, then you'll have to deal with him on his own terms.
Yeah I don't think it has it either.
If it does, it's a whole different kind of experience with the diphenhydramine causing you to hear things, like people talking to you that aren't actually there.
hey buddy.
been where you are.
there's not much to say except this: everything in moderation, except honesty.
you have to be honest with the ones you love.
if they love you, they will work through it with you.
if they don't, then they don't and you're better off knowing their own truth.
best of luck to you - just put your mind to not fucking up and it'll all work out.
Live Jasmin wasn't a pop-up - he had been on the website and forgot to close.
People fuck up, he knows he'd done the wrong thing.
No need to be an arse.
The fact that people give a shit about this stuff pains me.
People get knocked down all the time, the trick is to get back up, learn something, and keep moving forward.
It's obvious you know right from wrong, and you own your mistakes.
I'm not going to sit here and pander to your insecurities to try to make you feel better.
Hey man.
I want to give you a big hug right now.
I'm just now realizing how much of things like this I've done to my girlfriend, but of course a little different.
Either way, I think I kind of know how you're feeling.
Pm if you need to vent some more, because I know I sure do and sometimes talking until you can't anymore gets a lot of feelings out.
I only read the first half but from that she sounds like a bitch.
I honestly don't know how people get by without weed alcohol.
As long as you're not hurting anyone else fuck the haters.
I feel I have to do something to get that alternate reality feeling
the drugs make me feel like I can have a great relationship with myself.
My suggestion - find a better way other than fooling your brain to have a great relationship with yourself.
All you're doing is masking something.
Not trying to get all preachy "oh my, you shouldn't do drugs" like.
And not sure what to suggest as an alternative.
It took me a while to find better things to stimulate that pleasure center in the brain, but deep down I know I'm better off because of it.
that takes SRS down a peg or two is fine with me!
So yeah, I wouldn't lose sleep over it.
Like being banned from the local meth lab: wasn't really planning on going there anyway!
do not, in fact, exist.
It's a perpetuated lie by school administrators.
comes with sacrifice my friend.
I have no other words than those right there.
She's 20 and still lives with her mom, she hasn't got a lot of life experience.
The drinking is clearly not a problem, neither is the smoking, but man, she has to learn she can't control anyone just as she likes.
Try having a conversation with her about respect and freedom of choice as long as it doesn't physically hurt anyone other than yourself.
Try getting the pros and cons on drinking/smoking weed.
dont use nyquil use DM extra strength.
i just drank the 100mL bottle last night and thats about 180mg of dxm
Dude, you'd really value self-medication over an honest and open relationship with someone who loves you?
That's pretty sad, man.
Well that kinda sucks.
First World
dexotrippin
Scare tactics, always scare tactics...
Good decision.
BOO
You have to be honest with yourself and everyone else you love.
Period.
That being said, if she can't deal, maybe it's not supposed to be.
, I was in a relationship for 4 years with a SERIOUS alcoholic, and it really affected his life.
No job, no money, constant legal problems, etc.
He drank until he passed out every night and would start first thing in the morning.
You, on the other hand, seem like a fully functioning adult that decides to responsibly consume moderate amounts of alcohol on a semi regular basis.
I don't personally see a problem with this.
They can't honestly say they're only going to have 3 shots and mean it.
They can't drink in moderation and make sure they'll be responsible later.
They can't plan accordingly and make sure they have a ride or a sitter if they have kids, etc.
It doesn't sound like this is your problem.
This is something you'd have to actually ask yourself though.
From what you've described, it doesn't sound to me like you have a problem other than the lying and hiding.
BUT my ex used to lie about how much he was drinking when he'd go into rehab, too, but, again, he was totally non functioning.
Only you can really say if this is a problem or if she just has a problem with it.
TL;DR - can't say for sure.
You need not to lie or hide.
Either you have a problem with drinking or she has a problem with your drinking.
That...
really isn't the correct answer.
It's kind of ok here, but we get these same comments on the "I was raped" threads as well, which crosses one or two lines.
, if you are in love with a girl that is trying to tell you to quit your apparently harmless habit, just imagine what she could turn into later on?
It has already been pointed out that she is only 20...and let me just say this also.
IVe dated girls ranging from 2 years younger than me to 2 years older than me.
(I am currently 23)...I have found that at this stage in our lives, that makes a HELL of a difference.
I also had a great relationship that started off with us both liking to drink (too much, of course) where I quoted the song "fuck you i'm drunk" ...
"If givin the option you say I must choose.
you and the liquor, then I'll take the booze"
It worked for a year and only stopped working for a reason completely beyond drinking.
I guess I fucked up then hahaaa
I cringed.
Other than saying, you said you were a girl but your name is ().
But really, that was a very well-written comment and I'm sure OP appreciates it.
So she was able to open the door.
I'm surprised at how many people drive with their doors unlocked.
Thank you very much for the reality check.
I forget that other people have their perspectives and I cause trouble for it.
I appreciate what you said and it means a lot to hear the other side, I can understand the concern.
I also really like the idea of finding a middle ground.
It's not fair to ask me to quit something I enjoy, and it's not fair at all do something behind her back.
I do hope she forgives me and we can work this out...
we will see on that (though I secretly feel she will and we can).
Make some rules...
ok.
Maybe something like once a week, or never around her, or both?
Thank you again for your response.
I don't see it as choosing a drug over someone else.
I enjoy it, I feel it is a part of me.
She knew that when starting the relationship.
Now I will for sure admit that it got out of hand in the past and I went too far, but to say I have to give up a part of me for her is unfair.
Like the above poster said (babaladonk), moderation is key.
That golden middle road.
Thank you for that.
So you're friends with Good Guy Greg?
I once drank slightly less than a quarter of a bottle of prescription cough syrup in order to test if it would cause psychotropic effects.
I'd like to get someone to recreate these events in order to be absolutely sure of the outcome, but I was forced to reject my original hypothesis.
I experienced absolutely no type of drug induced hallucination, euphoria, or anything of the such.
Be honest with her, absolutely.
( are never an effective way to deal with relationship problems, mind you.
If only more women understood this.)
lol bet your roommate was pissed
Don't worry bro it happens to the best of us.
If it's any consolation, human urine is sterile due to high concentrations of ammonia.
PFFF, nothing prepared me to fend off more than one person.
intramural
I miss college
Hey thanks!
(I am female, Fred is one of my dogs)
That is why you have backups of system files...
That's why windows has a folder called "".
It's pretty much a "DON'T FUCK AROUND IN HERE, YOU MORON".
EDIT: NO SHIT YOU NIMRODS.
IT'S CALLED A COMPARISON YOU STUPID FUCKS.
to college/ university.
I was hoping there would be some details and a gripping story of you trying to rip out your cornea with your fingernails.
He's on a Mac...
Nah.
Just spread my eyelids apart and poked my eye trying to swipe my contact out.
It hurt so bad.
Oh man, I fucked up in a similar way today.
wait, what?
why would anyone want to put hydrogen peroxide in their eyes?
My solution says six hours.
I always make sure that it's been six hours before putting them in again
just say you liked something in the background of the photo if she asks or say you were drunk and accidentally clicked it
There's a little case thing that the contacts go in that then goes in the solution, and it has some gear-shaped part at the bottom that causes bubbles when put in the solution.
All I know is it's not painful to put the contacts in after they've been in there for the proper amount of time.
That's very wise of you.
In my groggy post-nap state I thought I was smarter than a warning label on a bottle of contact solution, and I was wrong.
I'm surprised I don't f my eyes up more because I have to wake up at 5 on weekdays
I have suffered multiple times from my contact folding up and slipping behind my eye and having to dig it back out.
i have done this, the first day i wore contacts and didn't know they could fall out.
I have been wearing contacts for 4 years.
I followed a cycle of leaving them in for 3-5 months at a time.
When it came time to change them I will take one eye out and leave the other in for a day, then put a fresh one in and repeat the cycle.
I recently went the optometrist and he said that there isnt any damage to my eye.
This seems to only work with gas permeable lenses though.
Hang on, they were blood-covered condoms?
Also impressed, how your cock didn't fall off I'll never know.
Been there, done that.
Ended up tearing the film over my eye.
it was only temporary damage rectified by not wearing contacts for like A week.
Ugg, I've done that.
No fun.
I almost did the same thing so many times that I stopped wearing them because of that.
nice to see im not the only person that has done this
Oh, that's the best.
Just wondering, but what is the brand called?
I thought the one week contacts were amazing.
I didnt know they had month long ones!
I came here to say this.
That might have been the most pain I have ever endured.
all these stories are why I black out when I try on contacts
I'm wearing my contacts right now.
Or at least I think I am...
This is wicked uncomfortable.
I have a secret fear it will happen once and I wont be able to get it back.
I slept in my contacts once, years ago, quickly realized my mistake when I woke up and could see and knew that I was in trouble.
I went to take them out before I showered and took them out before I turned the light on.
They were really stuck on there, you know how it goes...
Turns out that along with my contact on my left eye came part of my cornea.
I flicked the light on and nearly passed out from the pain of what felt like the light going straight back into my brain.
I showered in the dark, holding my hand over my eye to ensure total darkness before limping downstairs and trying to explain it to my dad.
trips to the eye doctor, multiple prescription eye drops (one of which was saline solution and hurt like shit), 3 months and one eye patch later I fully recovered.
Still have some scar tissue on my cornea, apparently, but I can't see it.
TL;DR: ripped part of my cornea out along with a contact once, almost lost my eye.
Do not try at home.
I tried to wear contacts for a year or so.
Just too hard to put in: ten minutes of exhausting struggle.
And then you couldn't fall asleep in them.
, hassles.
So it's glasses unless I get lasered.
I wake up at 5 in the morning on weekdays so putting in my contacts helps get me out of my groggy state.
about poking your eyes seems to do that
I do that at least once a week.
I am an ass.
PENIS PENIS PENIS!!!
HE'S ON A MAC, DUMBASS!
Theyre also pretty cheap too but can be a bit uncomfortable in the morning.
For a second I thought this was posted in ().
Are you hot?
If your hot, he should be happy.
Unless hes gay.
Even if you arnt hot, its fucking lame to get upset over that..
At a
yeah dude I the peroxide thing too.
my eyeball and it was beet red for about 4 days.
Except I pulled my retina.
Hurt.
A lot.
I do this all the time!
I've totally done this before.
feelsbadman.jpg
hydrogen peroxide(H2O2) decays into H20(water) and O2(oxygen) gas pretty rapidly as the byproducts are much more stable compounds.
No shit, nimrod.
It's called a COMPARISON.
No shit, nimrod.
It's called a COMPARISON.
That oil gets into your skin and it doesn't come out for a while!
Also attached to that incident: taking an uncomfortable piss.
Don't be too afraid of it, though.
I always wondered about this, too, but the truth is that conjunctiva is sort of a cul-de-sac kind of deal.
[Here is a simplified diagram that shows this](
everythingwentbetterthanexpected.png
Hahaha - someone didn't have their morning coffee.
I hope your day gets better!
You needed to tell your coach, to his face, that you wanted him to play you more.
I think I drew a walk and had a base hit that game, so good stuff.
Next game, back to the sewers of the lineup.
Fuck that guy.
Moral of the story: vicarious coaches are assholes who will make you stick up for yourself.
My advice?
If you're not worried about saving face, go back to your coach and make some modest demands.
If he's not willing to meet them, he doesn't respect you-hardly a team sport environment.
, the hell with your coach, continue to train on your own time, and as mentioned, there's always IM ball in college, as long as you go somewhere moderately large.
If not, branch out, be social, and make some friends.
Pick-up games are a dying art form, but you can resurrect them with a little effort!
TL;DR: Tell your coach what you want; if he doesn't care, he's an asshole and somebody you shouldn't want to play for.
IM ball in college, or make some friends with mitts.
Note: I'm 13.
Don't worry; we could tell.
You should NEVER smoke weed.
me and my friend get a brilliant idea that we are gonna go meet some guys and hang out on the beach
Good, so far.
We have to steal her dads car to do this.
No, you don't.
There's public transportation, or simply saying, "Hey, Dad.
Can you drive us to the beach?
We want to get some D." But, you know what.
That's okay.
You didn't choose either of those options.
There's next time, and next time, you're going to make a better decision.
We finally get the keys, almost get to their condo, and they fell asleep.
So we come back and get caught and her parents have to call my mom at 3am
Ruh roh.
But, don't sweat it.
When parents are punishing you, it's better than having the police arrest you, and the courts punish you.
But, let's try to avoid this situation altogether, next time.
Okay?
If anyone fucked up more than me, you must've blown up the world or something.
Haha, you'd be surprised.
What you've done is mild in comparison to other things.
Don't sweat it.
Ouch, that sounds terrible.
I almost have pain just thinking about that experience.
You sound like you're about 16.
What you did was dumb, but there are kids your age doing way worse things than you, and you could be in a lot more trouble.
Chill.
You probably didn't damage the hard drive.
Go ask what to do.
i see what you did there
What type of contacts were those?
I can leave mine in for months without the slightest discomfort, and I have never had an issue with being able to remove them.
Part of the reason I simply gave up on contacts.
in your contacts in your eye for 3-5 MONTHS?
WATT
This was probably 10 years ago, so the best detail I can give is normal, soft contacts.
I don't wear the day-and-night contacts and have always had serious dryness issues after sleeping in them.
Even after a short nap it's pretty miserable.
This made my eyes twinge, and I don't even wear contacts.
And this is why I use dailies.
Yours tops mine.
I made myself a bowl of potato wedges and on my way to my desk tripped and they went everywhere.
Made another bowl, got to my desk but then knocked it off.
programmer here.
PM me if I can help you in any way.
...How high are you?
Relax.
I tried them once before, but simply putting them in irritated my eyes so badly.
I was more used to it when I tried using them again a second time around
I've broken about seven or eight pairs of glasses.
I'm surprised that I haven't ripped my contacts yet.
How does it make you an ass?
How bad are your eyes?
If I don't wear my contacts, anything past my outstretched hand is a blur
They are "gas permeable" so your eyes can breathe.
They are supposedly good to keep in for a month.
But after a while especially when waking up they are uncomfortable for maybe 15 minutes.
They tend to dry out overnight, but as soon as your eyes get a bit of moisture theyre fine.
thanks bro just saw this again, picked me up
So you dont give your laptop redbull to overclock it?
Oh dear someone is gunna be pissed at me.
That aint too bad.
When it happens it looks terrible like your tire will fold up under the vehicle but its really not a big deal.
Your good...
I was actually going to do just that, but my external drive was at a friend's house and I wouldnt've been able to get it until today.
Even more TIFU, haha
I think the repetition implies a deeper level of stupidity on my part :)
It also looks terrible when you act like a little bitch .
Out of curiosity, why doesn't that happen while the solution is inside the bottle?
I once made several 'your mom' jokes to a friend before he told me his mom was dead.
You also fucked up spelling "losing" as "loosing".
it actually does, the only thing is that the concentration is low in most of those solutions and its effect is likely minimal on the pressure.
you might hear a slight hiss when you open it if it was sealed tightly.
It bubbles more in the case because it is oxidizing the contaminants off the lenses.
In the bottle, there is nothing for it to react with so it breaks down slower.
If you see bottles like they have in laboratories with high peroxide concentration the bottles are built to expand or have a vent of some sort.
couldn't find an image :(
You might be insane, expecting different results after doing the same thing over and over
it would be easier to give feedback if you were more specific lol
, been there, done that and wish someone would have asked...
Unlike ASAP and she'll assume it's a glitch...if even she even gets the notification.
Relax.
If she asks you about it, just say that your dumbass roommate/brother/bestfriend was screwing around on your laptop.
Meh, as long as no crazy parents heard it, it's not a problem.
I think that's just a normal way young kids banter with each other, I don't think she'll run home screaming about the pervert who told her to get naked.
...That is if you didn't wink/creepily smile when you said it.
title: TIFU by not using (
You do have my sympathy.
yeah, how is that possible?
I hope you don't mind that I tagged you as insane ass
Worse, i did the same to someone who's mother had been brutally murdered a few months back
we're good mates and he counteracted with his own your mum joke
I am mostly just flattered!
How do you even do that?
Oh god, my dad tells a similarly horrifying story.
My dad had just gotten LASIK surgery.
A few days later, he's going about his bedtime routine and goes to take out his contacts.
He can feel them in his eye although he's in a lot of pain each time he tries to slide it out.
What he was feeling were the flaps they made in his eye ball from the surgery.
He forgot he didn't wear contacts anymore.
asklfjawkejfoejf
Cloud, dude.
I don't fucking know!
You have no clue the wave of realization and shame that hit me when I realized what I'd done.
You're welcome :)
That is horrific.
I think I'm done with the internet for today.
That's terrible!
Did they ever find him?
Cool, that actually makes sense to me.
Thanks for explaining!
Dude, you aren't an addict for drinking once a week.
because you don't even get hammered.
Don't let a 20 year old girl convince you that you are.
yeah, they do.
Tell me.
Is that funny, at all??
How was that being a smartass exactly?
Also it turns out period blood makes an interesting lube.
Waits for massive downvotes of this comment
Nah, that's about right.
I just think the fucked-up-ness of your mistake is exponentially increased by the period blood.
Upvote for living in too.
Never thought about that one.
Damn I fucked up D:
I don't get why they would steal your keys.
, I don't know.
Maybe they grabbed them
while grabbing the phone?
Both were useless however.
They would have to find the car to use the key, and the phone
was locked then suspended briefly after I realized I wasn't finding it.
pissed them off.
And that is the point where you fuck up even more by trying to jostle them loose by kicking the machine window.
That would make me want to Chang my mind next time that happened.
fffuuu committed grammatical suicide in thread title.
NyQuil is one of the many brands of cough syrups with the chemical "dextromethorphan" in it.
DXM causes a disassociative state with some euphoria.
NyQuil however, is a good way to go to the hospital.
It also has a bunch of other drugs in it like acetaminophen and probably expectorant or antihistamines.
If OP was responsible about using DXM, then he would have researched that NyQuil is extremely dangerous.
, he just carelessly got high and neared closer to removing himself from the gene pool.
Whoa.
.deja vu.
Come on, you just can't leave us hanging like this!
Do they?
More like today you learned about culture
Well, drunk or sober you.
do, in fact, celebrate .
I also fucking love .
Better than asking about July 4th..
I still can't understand why so many think the rest of the world would celebrate their independence.
I said 'your mum' to somebody, and was about to finish, then remembered his mother had died a couple of weeks before of melanoma...
Thank fuck he was good-humoured about it.
its not like you and the girl are in your teens and dependent right ...
you're adults ...
that definitely was a major fuck up ...
thats for sure ...
but ...
hey at least you both have are using protection ...
and she ought to be happy about that.
not bad
TAHT SHIT COULD DRIVE A MAN TO GO OVER
edit a commentary on my comment:
meta commentary on commentary:
I just coined the so called angry commentor effect
I've been on the other end of the "your mom" jokes from one of my good friends.
That dude probably should have stopped you at the first joke.
because we saved the rest of the world from dependence...
LOL, someone once asked me () if we had our own " Easter".
I was like, "Yes, of course, to celebrate the resurrection of Jesus."
That's okay.
Once in Jr.
High I asked an Irish girl if she had learned in school.
That got quite a laugh, followed by her attempting to talk in Gaelic and then ignoring me.
did you not see te historical documentary independence day?
if not for us, you'd all be alien meat.
you're welcome.
: if it wasn't for Will Smith, the entire world would be alien meat.
I must have missed the part where he said it was an accident.
Yeah, and I guess that's the important thing.
Sure I fucked up, but it wasn't Jail-time worthy.
Shit, if it was I'd probably hang myself.
I would NOT do well in prison D:
( is all I could think of :D
and an innate ability to practically have a constant hard-on.
I didn't necessarily cum in each of them, it was more like reloading.
In most -speaking countries, Nimrod is used to describe a hunter or warrior, after the biblical character of Nimrod, who is described as "a mighty hunter".
If it wasn't for your edit I wouldn't have downvoted you.
Haha yeah that's just as bad as me asking about .
It's all I have thought about since I left Vegas.
I feel really bad and insanely stupid.
I just wish I had a chance to let her know that I'm not a complete idiot.
Did she apologize?
Pft, no worries.
She probably just went home and laughed about it with all her friends.
But especially if you were drunk, she probably doesn't necessarily think badly of you, just that you were hammered and is a wacky place.
I can rest easy knowing that at least one knows that I'm not a moron :]
if it wasnt for the guy that discovered how to bring down their shields.
Im sure they couldve found another pilot if they really wanted, but you know what the difference between the other pilots and Will Smith is?
he makes it look goood
on the situation and how it played out, it could have been interpreted as a joke.
She also could have judged you hard.
I guess it depends on the delivery.
The best way to tell if a coconut and its water is bad -- especially Young Thai (with the white cone top) -- is to see if the bottom is a purple or brownish color.
I don't understand how you made eggs in your cereal
I cracked open eggs onto my cheerios.
It ain't over til the fat lady sings!
And warriors aren't exactly what I would call literate.
I woke up the next day and immediately realized that I had asked the dumbest question of my life.
Haha thanks anyway.
you douche!
hahaha this is the greatest sub reddit ever
I have done this before.
How sore are your eyeballs now, man?
He was at the Hut kiosk in the mall.
Why oh why would you race a company car, of all things?
Well, here I am sitting, still waiting for the answer to this one.
So do you still have that job?
So far.
I once drove 5 hours to see Iron Maiden and forgot the tickets :(
I don't know much about coconuts, but I would never eat anything full of foul smelling liquid
Like an hour or so
lose the job and you get fuck up of the week
I'm wondering if a lot of you who are amazed by the number of times were never 18 years old with a hot girlfriend who wanted it all night.
I don't know that I can go THAT many times now, but shit, 18 year old hot girl plus my 18 year old dick certainly would add up to a dozen fucks if she kept asking for it.
...birth control is where it's at.
Having to use a condom for all 12 fucks would decrease my ability to get it up after the 8th or 9th one.
So this foul, rancid water drenches you and you proceed to drink it.
Don't break my heart.
VWs are fun.
Sucks though.
watch some youtube on how to brake into/ accelerate out of corners.
Even a minivan can be fun.
You're an idiot.
Answer?
Would you like to know what she did?
She just said that she was going to ignore the question.
I told her that was a good idea and apologized.
We started talking about other things before she left to go to her room shortly after.
Felt bad man.
happen, they shouldn't (can't?) fire you for that.
Were you charged?
If you get charged for careless driving or whatever it may be a different story.
In this case I'd say it's best to deny, deny, deny and hope no one at work has reddit.
Side note, what's CHP?
Let me know how your last week goes!
Thanks for sharing bro.
To have a story this good and not tell it, would been such a waste.
So Jetta GLI Mazda 5 might be the moral to this story.
Im still asking myself the same thing.
Wait, so where did you fuck up?
Doesn't seem like anything of consequence happened.
I mean, if you wanted to post this somewhere, maybe you should get a tumblr or something.
this is a blog post.
Good neighborhood.
Or the TV show of Bait Car has the criminals all paranoid.
GLI is def Mazda 5.
Funny thing is that I'm quite familiar with proper aggressive cornering.
I was just going too fast to begin with and reacted with an 'oh shit' brakestand.
We'll see.
crossed.
Nah, no property damage was done so it didn't have to be recorded.
The cop was super chill, too, so I thought that was nice.
Told me where all the speed traps are.
My brother always braggs about how apple software autosaves.
Don't you have this feature for finalcutpro?
I concur.
is a hell of a drug.
He didn't say he was using FCP, just a video editing program.
I always forget to save whilst editing, luckily I use FCP.
saved my life.
hahaha!
have an upvote for your tl;dr.
We've all gotten caught up in the moment, screwed up, then sat there thinking, "That was dumb."
At least you get karma for it.
too fast to begin with
Look at those tires.
The speed limit is about all they're good for.
Did you tell the whole story?
I went offroading (kinda) with a company truck.
Made sure to put it in lo range to not spin the tires, and get mud on the fenders.
For me it depends on what she looks like.
What part of california
Was there at least some valuable reason you declined???
You wouldn't have had this problem if it was a Mazda MX5.
, though.
Just be glad you're safe and things weren't worse than this.
Now: offer to change the oil along with pay for all of the gas.
Idling cars for long periods of time has a similar effect to throwing the oil in a frying pan.
It would be a nice gesture too haha.
"At least you get karma for it" should be the motto of (especially) self posts in Reddit at large.
I was using FCP but I turned off the auto save feature because it increases the performance and helps with some of the lag and render times.
Turns out it bit me in the butt this time.
Too true.
Thanks for some good advice.
Almost.
I left the racing part out and said that I very unfortunately misjudged the turn and I'''msorry.
The top part.
I wouldn't be too concerned.
A few hours of ldling won't cook the oil.
Just like a few hours of driving won't cook the oil.
I wouldn't be too concerned.
A few hours of ldling won't cook the oil.
Just like a few hours of driving won't cook the oil.
Yes, Do it.
on Reddit is clearly better than a paying job.
You can always get another.
You could even put that you got TIFU of the week on your resume!
Haha, I'm not going to berate you, for this.
It happened, and I'm sure you've done some learning, since then.
Did the cop look vaguely like Eric ?
burnouts and donughts in the company car.
always a win when im in the company car :)
decrease my ability to get it up
That was definitely a major factor by number 9.
It went in my head like "You really wanna go again?
Tell me the joke, I want to know.
No problem, helps to be a technician sometimes haha.
There in lies the problem, four hours of cycling heat around the engine will wear the molecules and weaken them.
The car could probably do its next scheduled oil change, but I wouldn't want to do that, its better to be safe than sorry especially with engines.
delete facebook, hit the gym, lawyer up
OK, so I cant Update flash at work so words will have to do;
1) go to
What if I told you
/morpheous
I regret what I said
/toystory
Or you could go with
Mate
/YUNo
Y U No Watch Tongue
But if you want a GIF go with
Also, what was the Joke?
TL;DR!
nice so what road were you on?
How much did it cost you?
Sounds like it might come in handy at some point (birthdays?).
How about being a human being and apologizing normally?
SirCX is right.
Grow some balls and aggressively pursue what you want in life.
If things go well, win one!
If they don't go well, you still win because then you'd have sack.
Oh and, be a gentleman.
A testosterone having gentleman who happens to want to fuck her silly, but an open and confidently honest gentleman.
ATTACK!
karma means SO much in this world.
You really fucked up by posting it to reddit.
Guess what will happen when some of your coworkers "accidentally" forward this page to your boss?
And you gain some karma from It.
Even with ...
I sometimes try to setach my retina...
totally desensitize your eyes and make it impossible to tell..
BOO
You did not buy a donut machine for no reason.
Even if you do not like donuts, your friends like donuts, and you are about to have a lot more friends.
...Where can I meet her?
A reasonably well-known E.
Bay road that I take to the freeway every morning (I'd prefer not to be too specific).
I used to be defensive about that, too.
At least you didn't fuck up your own car.
Good thing it wasn't the father, or he would have choked you to death on the spot.
omg the more i read this story the worse it got.
i have no pity for you.
If i was your boss i would have fired you on the spot and sued you so you could pay for the repairs.
You raced a Mazada 5 against a GLI?
i would have let that dude go by especially in the company car.
I could take it off your hands...
you know...
if you don't want it...
just saying
That's why it's a TIFU.
Not that I disagree with you...
TIFU?
More like TIBATB (Today I became a total Boss)!
bought a cornballer.
You will be fine then, unless somehow the truth comes out by a nosy coworker who happens to browse reddit...
Upvote for you!
Listen to this ape.
He clearly knows what he's talking about.
I literally have a closet of things I bought because it was a deal, mostly toys, and whenever a birthday or chrsitmas comes up we check the closet.
I think you fucked up posting this here.
No sympathies, return it.
Sell it.
Who the fuck doesn't like donuts?
hate to be a primate-nazi, but baboons are cercopithecids, not apes
I stand corrected.
Now I just have to make sure my wife doesn't see my mistake (she's an anthropology major)
It'll be ok.
are in fact apes.
Who am I to sit here and argue with John Lennon and the Hindus?
let me guess: you shit your pants!?
TIFU by not liking donuts
Say that you were just streaming high quality music and/or video.
they won't actually look into the content that you were downloading.
i shook my head for a long time.
its hard to feel bad.
i use to be a street racer, but learned my lesson.
i hope this is all that it takes to stop this guy from doing that again.
Did you at least remember to delete the torrent files once they finished downloading?
torrents on a campus ISP is the rookiest of rookie mistakes.
I like this idea.
this in the future.
Are you my brother-in-law?
He's been known for bringing a fire hydrant home and wanting to purchase a 24" from craigslist...
What kind of a doughnut machine are we talking here?
How much did it cost you?
I always stop seeding.
The thing I fucked up with is when I didn't delete the torrent files.
...HOW?
Rum was probably a good choice...to kill any bacteria from the coconut in your mouth.
Dude, your fuckup was linking us to an image of a tornado damage and claiming you did it.
toledoblade.com/image/2011/04/21//-uproots-trees-hits-homes-cuts-power
I recommend apologizing, telling them it'll never happen again, and paying whatever fee (bribe) applicable.
Then consider purchasing a seedbox; it'll allow you to download files to a private, dedicated server with pretty good hardware.
This way, you'll get a pretty kickass download/upload rate (useful for any private tracker that requires you to maintain a ratio).
Once you've done this, you can download some file-transfer software like to move the files from your seedbox to your home computer.
The kicker?
will be SSH-encrypted, meaning file transfers will be garbled, incomprehensible, and indecipherable, so you can download at the expense of your ISP.
They'll know you're downloading something but have no way of knowing what that "something" is!
How fun!
I used ( for awhile; they have some pretty solid deals, and customer service was always highly responsive.
I used the Quark plan, which allowed for infinite uploading to .
$15 a month.
This needs to be a new subreddit.
My dad always says, "Anyone can ride a motorcycle.
is the hard part."
Own up, promise you won't do it again.
Offer to put that in writing.
Also, try to work out some form of recompense.
You may get kicked off of the , but who cares.
You were already Vice and that looks good enough on a Resume.
No one really cares how long you were VP.
Yeah, testosterone will fuck you up if you let it take over...
Watch a sad movie before hand to somewhat calm the beast...
then fuck her silly.
How about a straight up VPN?
Seems less hassle
I think some further explanation is in order?
Who the fuck doesn't want a cauldron?
I've written a letter of apology and stuff, will probably give it tomorrow.
Each has its own merits.
The thing you fucked up with is when you didn't rent an offshore seedbox.
They're relatively cheap.
Regret nothing.
Sounds like a control freak.
Fuck its not even a whole 40.
Write up how you're going to prevent it from happening again too, administrators eat that stuff up, because then they don't have to think up a plan themselves.
OP fail?
surely OP will follow up...
Quite the varied vernacular, my friend.
I was on the edge of my seat!
You should be a writer.
Taking tests unrelated to the milk debacle, sorry.
He handed it to me in a typical opaque orange plastic cup.
Sadly I finished the whole thing before sending my gratitude for the beverage.
No pants were shit this day.
The fact that you need to be reassured this girl is a dumb bitch via internet pains me.
I'm also a 20 year old female.
Let me ask YOU a question, do you want to spend the rest of your life with a girl that won't let you have a drink to relax every now and then?
Of course you don't.
A bitch like that would just move to control all that you do over time.
Think about it, every person you date is either your wife, or your ex...
That girl ain't wife material.
solved with logic!
Up-vote for awesome.
There seem to be a lot of milk-based posts in this subreddit...
As vice president, are you above reproach?
Are you better than those who your policies are intended to govern?
I'd think hard about how you react to this one, if you are in fact who you claim.
You could find yourself eating a tasty hypocrite sandwich.
I really hate when this happens and you have my empathy good sir, but did you hear about the guy who ( ?
Yet ...
IFU by forgetting my contacts are in, reaching for my glasses, and then wondering why everything got blurry.
And that's why he lives 3000 miles away :)
Well, you fucked up yesterday by not eating, eating probably woulda helped your problem solving abilities.
No boss mode would be saying "So do you like this site too?"
It's fun when I wear my glasses over my contacts.
It's fine at first but if I move my eyes or head, I can't see anything.
Also this with my friends' glasses
Today I fucked up by reading TIFUs with a full bladder...
Blame it on the president.
Get promoted.
Get internet back.
Get advice from a lawyer.
A letter of apology can be interpreted as a letter of admission and can be used as evidence against you when the MPAA or whoever decides to press charges.
If they know the names of the files, they know it happened.
The only thing protecting you right now is that you are in a university and the admins don't know who you are.
, you can send the letter super anonymously.
So you mean they've seen my peenor every time I've fapped in the shower?
Not having money for food is a hell of a thing.
Poor Soul...This is why whenever I go to a concert I check if I have the tickets at least 605 times.
I'm holding you to your username.
haha i did see that, extremely funny
At least you didn't make it worse and fart in the shower.
It's like the steam from the shower amplifies the stank and the shower curtain traps it in.
I'm persuming a "fuckbuddy" in this context being, someone you fuck, but is still your friend.
basicly a sexual partner without a solid relationship (other than friendship.) tell me if I'm wrong.
feralhosting includes vpn.
The extra hdd space is nice too.
opens up boot of car used (dafuq?) condoms pile out on your feet heheheh
Around the time I first started driving I did something like this.
I was getting ready for school one morning and my younger brother was standing at the front door waiting for the bus and noted he heard an engine running.
My dad also said he had heard it the night before.
Turns out I'd come home the previous night, and since it was raining I spaced out and ran inside without even tuning off the ignition.
Burned through an entire tank of gas.
I did this same thing!
Left the sun roof open all weekend.
No way, haha.
I dried it out well enough.
So far she hasn't noticed.
ahh ok
I'm relatively new to reddit...
Can you send me that list please?
The shower fairys are all developed sperms that have been spilled in that shower and been able to grow in that warm soggy environment.
They grew, adapted and soon learnt how to not be killed on sight.
They became completely invisible.
are, they originated from your peenor so don't worry about them seeing it.
You're awful at math?
you should major in something in the humanities, you know, instead of engineering.
Dang that sounds bad.
T.T I made sure I filled the tank up when I could.
at least you didn't tell him not to go to 4chan right?
cause...
that would be even worse.
Is having internet in your student council office really important enough to jeopardize your position?
I hope you get a little more aware once you get on the road.
So old chocolate milk tastes like strawberry milk?
You know the best before date doesnt mean something actually expires on that date.
Look at the bright side, at least you didn't spend $500+ on the tickets, playoff hockey is expensive hockey
Well he's on the internet and he's bound to see some pretty weird stuff on here regardless
19 days
This guy checks out.
we do but that is still a lot...
and how do you just forget 2 oz on your work desk?
Tutor.
...tutor.
ahh, well computer engineering is still mathematical, but not as mathematical as regular engineering.
My mistake lol
At least you aren't a Flyers fan that spent $200+ dollars to watch you team lose 10-3.
My dad is glad he sold his Flyers tickets tonight...
Funny...
you'd think you'd have learned your lesson after the first test you didn't know about because you didn't go to class.
The most amazing thing happens at the vending machines at my work.
They must have a sensor that recognizes if your product drops.
If it gets stuck, the thing turns again, granting you two products for the price of one.
The best day ever is when it got stuck twice and I got 3 products for the price of one.
Follow this plan;
Build an electromagnet
Buy a backpack, put magnet in backpack
Kill someone and take their ID and keys
IT staff until they tell you where logs are kept.
Kill the IT staff (eliminating witnesses)
Use keys to go to whereever the logs are kept
Use electromagnet to destory logs
Make it look like the IT staff had a murder-suicide
Profit
that's a turd of a day
If only I could..
When you're sitting on a chair and people starts to stare!
dranking?
Don't admit to anything in the letter, simply say what steps you've taken to stop similar occurances from happening again.
I used to be a dancer like you...
Yea the wash, thats what I tell people when im too lazy to stretch them back too...
This wouldnt be such a big deal if you switched to a hammock instead of a mattress.
There's a guy that I work with who is into Skyrim, who on the first day I came back, first thing he said was...
well you know.
Meant to pull an all nighter studying.
Oops.
Man you really shit the bed on this one...
That's right, now let's stop monkeying around.
Also, if I had RES installed, I'd tag you as "primate-nazi".
stole a car, I didn't think that was possible!
You deserve a upvote for that
That's when you decide your character pees on himself.
It's quirky!
I used to drive a Ford Escort.
I came out to the parking lot one day and it wasn't where I always park.
comes out, we walk around looking for my car and finally find it.
It's a stick shift, but it's parked without being in gear (I'd never leave it like that) way the hell on the other side of the garage.
treated it as "this idiot woman doesn't know where she left her car.
Idiot."
The car had a full tank of gas.
I had only half a tank that morning.
I drove down to the security office to pick up my textbooks and etc that I'd left down there.
When I come back out to the car there's $6 and some change on the dash.
What the hell?
Two days later I'm still stewing about it, and about how there's apparently no camera in the parking garage to tell me who took my car.
Turns out a lady who worked at the front desk owned a newer model Escort.
She lent the car to one of the bellmen, who just hopped in the first Escort he saw on that floor.
Her key opened my car and started the ignition.
woman at the front desk figured it out; turns out the guy was supposed to put gas in her car and put it in mine instead.
They'd been fighting about it up at the front desk for two days.
Kijiji is your friend!
If I was in Boston I would buy em for $150!
Took a few to realize that it wasn't his car.
His key could unlock the door but turn the ignition.
why did you take the car?
how did you fall asleep behind the wheel?
how the hell are you going to make it up to her?
I have a friend who is from India, studying at the same Uni as me in the UK.
He told me that a girl in his flat asked him, in all seriousness, if he rode an to school or work when he was in India.
He said he actually didn't know how to respond.
Don't feel too bad.
Maybe the reason you aren't doing well in the classes is because YOU ARE NOT GOING TO THEM.
I graduated in electrical engineering with a 3.89.
I'm not all that smart, but I put the effort in which included going to class, doing my homework, and studying a shit ton for tests.
It isn't that hard if you would just try.
To be honest, if you are doing this bad in engineering at this level, you might as well change majors; it does not get easier.
The game is actually in tonight..
at this point I would definitely take $150!!
I hope you find it!
I wish you the best of luck
FOR FUCK'S SAKE I FORGOT TO PUT THE THING IN THE TITLE.
I swear I didn't do that on purpose.
Did you check starbucks?
we know ..
it happens ..
please repost.
Yeah sry bout that...
I believe you are correct
Best of luck.
It's all relatively empty words, but at least filled with some emotion.
Life just shits on people sometimes...
If I can help, (seriously, if you need help typing something up or along those lines since its just bullshit but time consuming) say a word :)
I don't know what special kind of asshole would find a bag of art and just take it.
Well, you also said:
My entire array of VERY expensive brushes, most of my expensive paint tubes...
I used to take art classes that required tons of pricy supplies.
Every item could be resold for a decent price-- even half used tubes of paint.
So, theft was not unheard of.
, I do hope that is not the case, and that you find your portfolio all in one piece.
Yikes!
Well...if you find it, don't continue carrying around your entire portfolio everywhere you go.
Im an art student as well so I can imagine the sense of panic you're feeling right now.
Hang in there.
I'm sorry this happened to you, art is expensive.
Looks like it's time to go work at , like you would be doing anyway.
Sorry for your loss.
Should have been a boss and aimed for the tub.
There's already piss on the floor so it wouldn't matter when your stream died down, and you'd be using the entire bathroom at once.
I had to that day.
We were working, and we also frequently have to compare previous works to what we're currently doing.
Damn color theory.
I admit I coulda been carrying less.
HA!
Shows how much I pay attention to the conference...
(especially when I am New Mexico where they don't even show hockey highlights!
Damn I miss me some playoff hockey...)
happy 18th, your mom can now legally kick your ass out.
at least your car needed a key, my old Saturn could be opened with a screwdriver.
The problem here shouldn't be about being embarrassed or issues of pride.
The fact of the matter is you are devoting time and energy into something that isn't yielding any direct tangible results.
You aren't being started at all, you barely play, and your coach apparently is so focused on setting up things just to win he's not understanding how a team is supposed to work.
You are supposed to rotate things around and try different people in different situations.
You do your best to even it out so everyone gets to play and still keep in mind ways to win the game.
You need to have all players being put to use or they will never get better and the whole team is weaker for it.
Its not the end of your life or your sport life.
Also, that coach saying that to you is shit, absolute shit.
He was saying that just to attack your weakness which is your perception over your skills and worth as a player.
As a coach it seems he hasn't done a whole lot to cultivate you as a player, who cares what he thinks or what "his old coach" thinks?
Why should you waste all your time there when it seems, despite all of your work, you are still just a bench warmer?
Unless you are expecting some scholarship, devoting your senior year to NON sport things is actually pretty smart.
I quit my sport of choice (soccer) my senior year and I definitely didn't regret it.
But I'm coming from the other side where I NEVER got to sit out.
I'd often get roped into playing 2 games and I usually had to demand to be put on the bench, LOL.
This aspect didn't seem as important but a few years later it starts to sink in.
I noticed how people began to drift and you don't really lose the game because you can take those skills with you.
You can't keep people though if their path starts to lead away from you.
This is actually a good chance to look around for other avenues to work on your skills.
I'd be talking to coaches at other schools or maybe checking out some college coaches.
Even if its just practice they should be able to help you improve.
But if you go back to your team you should be doing it to be with your team, not worrying about your dick head coach, IMO.
Did you make backups?
to earf
Well thanks.
I was expecting to get more "dumb ass should have known" kind of reactions, but my first reddit post not getting downvoted is nice!
I also didn't mention that I'm a college student living in a dorm without a car.
My brother lives in the same city, but on the other side, with a car.
He was supposed to pick me up, but I figured he wouldn't be up, so got up extra early and made the 40 minute walk to his house to get the car.
I took extra precautions to NOT be late...
just did NOT want me to be on time.
seek craigslist
as you notice the air begin to darkle.
I lost it here
You can walk across your entire city in 40 minutes?
well nobody NEEEDS a urine soaked anything, but still...there it is.
This doesn't sound too bad at all.
I wouldn't worry about it.
It sounds like most of what you lost was equipment rather than work, and whatever work you did lose wasn't important.
Even if your lost assignments mean that you don't get the qualification you were going for, it doesn't matter.
You didn't lose your skill, which is the only thing of value you get from any art course.
At the end of the day, a qualification is less than gravy next to actual skill.
I usually laugh at these...
but that just sucks, I hope you find it.
The same thing has happened to me in the form of my external hard drive.
My entire array of designs, programs, and old and current architectural projects.
Gone.
I assume you are saying you fucked up because you already have a main doughnut machine and an emergency backup doughnut machine.
I'd start printing out "lost bag - reward" type pages and posting them all over your campus.
A friend called me and woke me from my only hour of sleep.
He needed a ride home, twenty minutes away.
And I'm trying to make it up.
I sold my broken car for junk and gave her about $400.
And my paycheck, about $200
and so you are here, letting reddit know.
What college?
Let's try to get reddit to help you find it!
Mmm, I'd rather not internet my location...
I do have a reddit stalker unfortunately.
Well then I wish you the best sir or ma'am!
Roast.
Quite possibly the best coconut story I've ever heard.
And I've heard quite a few.
god damnit.
now this post is auto-tagged as NSFW...
TIFU when I didn't even have an opportunity to miss a sex opportunity?
question, how?
oh shit a reddit stalker?
that sounds horrible.
well be more careful next time.
it could have ended much worse.
The source wasn't all the way cranked in and I walked in front of it because I thought it was.
We have equipment to warn us this if this happens but I was not paying attention and I couldn't hear it because I had a radio on apparently to loud.
This is just great.
He snores heavily
Yeah it's really not pleasant, and shit if reddit can do anything about it.
He made a subreddit about me and everything.
One of those (birth)days.
Then you totally deserve the beating.
Yeah, pretty much
That...is so fucking creepy.
I will have the account.
Haha I don't blame you.
These playoffs have all been incredible do far.
I've been glued to the tv
Most of the posts here make me laugh, this is just unfortunate.
You really fucked up, I hope you find it!
Was it worth it?
To be honest...
It kinda was.
It makes for such a good story.
Your not alone...
Yeah :S
Oh my god ...
now that just made for a good laugh!
A bit of both...
I'm both fascinated and horrified.
Dw, I saw before anyone had warned me about it.
If I was alone on that I would probably be creepy but now that there is two of us...who gives a fuck?
Do tell
As a fellow art school student, I hope you the best.
are expensive and all that hard work...
I REALLY DO HOPE YOU FIND IT!
I would offer help if you went to art school in NYC.
HAHAHAHAHAH!!!
My god that made me fucking laugh.
farting in someone's face is not funny, cool or even remotely in good taste.
2 year olds stop doing after the first time.
to the majority of the people commenting on it, it is actually pretty funny.
Good try, though.
They are laughing at how stupid you are not with you.
Lol alright
Logic at its Finest.
hahahahahaaahahahahahahahahahaha
Ok.
My first run in with a coconut was when I was a wee little tyke.
I had always wanted a cup made out of a coconut.
So, "Why not make one?" I said to my father.
"You're the biggest dumbass ever, , that's why" my father said.
, with much convincing, and stealing alcohol from the neighbors, my dad bought me a coconut.
my dad was such a cheap bastard, he told me I would have to eat the coconut.
Also I would have to open it myself.
As I was only a child, I wasn't skilled with anything that...
well, I wasn't skilled at anything at all.
So the coconut sat there for weeks.
Maybe even months.
One day, I finally realized that a hammer would bust open the coconut.
When swinging it, I let it go and it landed on my toe (very painful), but that didn't stop me.
I cracked that coconut open, chugged it, then blew chunks all over the porch.
Of course, I had to clean it up, and then I had to eat rotten coconut meat.
So, after all of those weeks , toiling and doing back breaking work to open a coconut, all I got was a smashed to and a coconut cup that wouldn't stay flat.
That's right.
I would put it down, and it would spill MY GODDAMN DRINK!!!
Moral of the story: suck dick.
And you two will never look the same again, amirite?
How was the rest of his day?
to it continue to be shitty?
You're right the taste is pretty shitty
"...and proceeded to beat the ever-loving shit out of me...
Which wasn't all that much since you let out some of it.
idk, but it sure sounds like it could cost you your life too.
I hope this teaches you a lesson and i hope you don't get radiation sickness.
Where are the "that's how you get pinkeye" comments?!?!?!
It's like when you're having a three way and you cross swords with your buddy by accident..
I lol'd
If I had been slower and stayed in front of the camera longer then i did even a minute would have been an insane amount more.
It takes alot of mR to get radiation sickness which is good.
But thank you for your concern.
At least it only took me 2 hours to reedit the project.
I swear at first read i thought it said "reddit the project"
Can we see pics of the aftermath?
Nice try co-worker, wait, he is answering all your questions.
Carry on.
Sorry, there's not really much to take pics of.
The shit's all cleaned up and my beating didn't leave any marks that I know of
Damn, no bruises?
None that I've found.
If I find one while I'm showering or something, I'll take a pic.
Not sure if im on circlejerk
lol good effort.
If not for Apple ...
Nah, I can only make conjectures..
pics of you after the beating or it didnt happen
Sounds like he was pretty shit-faced.
I nominate this as TIFU of the week.
, we put a brief synopsis of the fuck-up and write the full story in the comment section of your submission.
For future reference.
In the meantime, (
today i found a pad of some paper some stupid brushes and shit.
i made some pretty cool paper airplanes
Jam sponges..?
To ( with you!
I wouldn't worry too much about it, I have missed so many now I've lost track, new ones always arise when you need them most :)
I thingk is right, I nominate this as TIFU of the week.
And what did I say, whenever someone shits when they do not mean it, it's always funny.
HIGH FIVE FOR PUNS!
KILL YOURSELF.
Ahhh...Ambien stories!
That sounds exactly like what happens to all of us at least once.
I was just going to post my own Ambien fuck up story!
Tore up my rims, still have no idea where I was or anything before that or after that.
Epic Fail!
HIGH FIVE FOR INSENSITIVITY?
I do, but if you're close enough you just laugh it off.
better than a shared memory like that.
All of my sympathy.
, vomit and rum form the trifecta of nausea.
I tried to down an unstrained serving of ground kava with a can of coconut milk.
Tried.
I spent a few hours feeling nauseous mostly, and the rest of the day was spent heaving wood pulp.
It seemed like I was actually producing more of the stuff than I originally drank.
Lemme tell ya, that stuff will cement itself to whatever you spew it on.
I can't even waft anything that smells remotely like coconuts without feeling uncomfortable anymore.
Never again.
Also, your story is poetry.
I feel inspired to hurl in tribute to it.
My own coconut story.
I live in middle and last summer my friends and I wanted to go rafting down the local river quite badly.
in late July the weather is just right and the river is the right depth.
So we're putzing like bosses, smoking cigars and loudly talking about our summer, news, etc.
Then I see it.
A coconut floating in the river.
No, I have never seen a coconut tree anywhere down this stretch of river.
So I pick it up.
a closer look, it was COVERED in small worm-like creatures who were happily jumping ship to get onto my hand.
I react as if it were a lump of lava and hurl it, yelping like a child.
(I'm a 23 year old male).
And lost my cigar.
tl;dr if you find a coconut in a river, don't touch it.
That's why I leave all that garbage in my car.
Nobody could possibly have the same assortment of fast-food wrappers in their seat to confuse me.
You're a real scumbag!](
Yeah, yes, yes, NOPE that's burger king.
Wrong car!
HIGH FIVE FOR CREEPY INTERNET-ASSISTED SUICIDE!
correction A.
I feel your pain.
"Then I took a shower and did one of those things where you slide down the wall and cry, as the realization that I farted so bad that it gave me a nightmare fully sank in."
Comedy gold.
I work with radiation too.
Do you have algin nearby or at work?
Start eating.
I keep a tub fulls of sodium alginate at home just for shit like this.
Fuck, make a bath with the stuff.
That shit is amazing at covering it up.
I work it into body lotion as well and lather myself up so it stays on the skin more.
It blocks the readings down quite a bit.
Dunno how sensitive your work equipment is but it's worth a try if you have no other choices.
That's honestly just bizarre...
why do white guys do such homosexual things to each other?
A lot of women do.
My wife does as well.
If it would've been her father things might not have been as funny.
Words can't describe how bad that would suck!
That's ass whipping material.
Note to self: Don't get stuck in a broken elevator with zuzah.
I can't help but be heavily skeptical of this.
Also, fuck every single post about shit, jizz, barf, piss, and any other involuntary bodily fluid flow that has ever been posted on this subreddit.
TL;DR: this idiotic post.
, did it take more than 15 seconds to write this?
EDIT: Why does nobody find poop posts (especially this one) objectionably stupid?
Every time I see one of these on TIFU, I picture (
I'm great company
You mean when your done showering right?
15 seconds would end up being a little under 1 line of text per second.
I doubt he could type accurately at that speed.
Asks for nothing NSFW
Tags post as NSFW
a shit on the face is worthy of a TIFU trophy...
we should get some of those
xD
fuck up I ever read on this /r/!
XD
I guess It's not that funny when someone shit on your face
TIFU of the month.
That's how you get pinkeye.
Pretty sure jizz is typically a voluntary bodily fluid.
me of this post [
Not when it's mentioned on TIFU.
Yes but the notification still appears
Lol yeah, it is a pretty similar event
You deserve it for being that much of a 'tard and not clearing your history or anything
[i think you should take a look at this, shortslice.
maybe then you would understand my position.](
What if its on your dick ass?
there are no bruises on my dick or ass...
So, no worries
Good to know.
lol i live in the east bay so im trying to think of what road it was lol
my tent is out my back garden, from when i was 10, i still bring chicks home to it.
Have your mommy come down and suck your dick like she always does when you need to calm down, and tell her I will be by in a few hours for my blowjob.
Love when this is the case.
I'm pretty sure I've read this exact story somewhere on the internet, down to some of the wording.
Either this is a shockingly common occurrence, you have written this before, or I am from the future.
I haven't written this before, so it's not me.
Maybe the same thing has happened to someone else?
Hahaha classic.
Hahaha At least you were at home.
For some reason, I read this as punus which I then read as anus...
BOOOM!
HIGH FIVE FOR PERVERTED THOUGHTS!
That's not fucking up.
I've done that before.
Your eyes get so red it's not even funny.
I know how to do that, and if I had known I was going to her house, I would have done so, but I did not.
I go several days without anyone on my iPod but me, so I keep the tabs open for later.
Plus, I use the List feature to keep track of all of my links, and they get wiped out if I clear history.
I'm not unwilling to close tabs or clear history, its just not worth it to to do it each night.
Yeah, I'm not being forgetful, I've thought this through.
(/harpdarp)
smoooth
haha nope, she's way outta your league.
hah!
i like that, that made me laugh.
i would have liked to see somebody actually do that.
There really need sto be an
no shit.
Upvote for making me laugh like an eejit in front of my wife.
You're lucky, if this was Rome you would have been walking funny for a week.
Well then.
You've successfully hurt a man's feelings.
Happy?
If my girlfriend gave me a BJ everytime I was sad, I'd be a pretty happy guy.
I used to drive a Nissan Altima.
I was at work late one night and came out to interrupt two guys trying to steal my radio.
Used another Altima key to open the door, but did not start ignition.
Turns out they were trying to steal the whole car, but all they did was shove a screwdriver in the CD player and bust it.
I started to call the police, but one guy rushed me.
I pulled out my knife and got in stance, and they took off.
All they got was the faceplate.
911 operator sent 2 squad cars, never did any investigation or anything.
If anyone sees a small dark car with plates: 321-XNA driving around Way, WA, beat the fuck out of them for me.
Whoa.
For your sake, I hope that's the last of it.
That is awesome.
Shark week?
You should get some tapes from shark week.
This...is completely untrue.
You sure ( isn't what you did when you saw that?
How do you know I hurt his feelings?
Well, its either that or he thought it was funny.
, I can take a joke (or an insult) and just laugh.
Others aren't the same.
And why aren't you happy?
, it was more like (
I just chose not to take that joke.
I am about as happy as I can get.
I think you replied to the wrong comment o.o
Oh yeah I guess so.
Wait, get Jaws on DVD!
I was reffering to when you said this when I asked, "Happy?"
Ah, that sucks!
But at least it wasn't the whole car.
When my mom first moved us to from Kansas (1988 or so) she looked out the back window to find two guys clamoring around in her Camry.
She didn't even stop to think what would happen, just opened the door and started screaming at them.
They were going for the stereo but only managed to make it so the stereo no longer picked up radio signals.
The tape player still worked.
So, my mom popped her tape of Air Supply's Hits and never actually took it out.
That was then this is now.
Fuck it.
Joke with Tim about it and let it be an inside thing.
That would solidify your relationship without jeopardizing your job.
What makes you so happy?
I was reading in suspense lol
But she won't see him ever again?
He's going to a new job.
Some shitstorm...
You Steve'd the fuck out of this situation, IMO.
Call him back and see if there is still a chance!
How'd it go?
If you need 12 in a night I think your doing it wrong...
and flip.
You all know that never ever happens right?
Any uniform policeman is supposed to be 'under arms'.
The ideology of carrying a weapon is not because you believe something is going to happen.
It's to prepare for something to could happen.
Having a armed officer allows you to have a trained professional on scene to help combat a threat if one was to occur.
Things do break out at event the smallest of venues.
A uniformed presence, especially with a weapon might help deter any actor thinking of committing such a crime.
First rule of administration (of anything, phones or PCs).
data doesn't concern you.
Either tell a boss and document EVERYTHING (if telling a boss is deemed necessary) or tell Tim what happened (and still document EVERYTHING).
At the very moment I was discovering this email and figuring it out, a co-worker entered my office.
my face gave everything away, because he said "WHAT?!" as soon as he saw me and ran over to see what I was looking at.
We were both amazed.
The next day, I show my co-worker the rest of what was found.
I also told ONE other person about the photos, and the photos only.
That guy apparently already knew more of the story from Tim himself.
he finished up by telling me about Tim's proclivity.
These are terrible ideas.
like this will tend to get back to you or your company in a bad way.
I think every officer in their career has left their gun somewhere.
I've left my whole belt at the station before when you run out for a 'hot call'.
Then you go to rest your hand on it and realize it's not there.
These uniforms do not allow easy access for bathroom usage.
Wow, dick move on your part.
As soon as you realised the email was private you should have deleted it.
But then to show it to you coworkers and your husband, whilst going through the rest of his emails?
Dick move.
Sounds to me you didn't fuck them up, just made them a whole lot better
Just saw this again.
If you haven't found it yet and want to try the reddit route try a throw away account.
Call him back and explain you originally could not accept the position because of a two-week notice.
, discuss it with your current employer and, if worse comes to worse, perhaps not giving them that notice.
This sounds like a really good opportunity for you, in both distance and pay.
Do not let this pass you by, call the recruiter back ASAP.
If you explain why you originally turned it down, he may be willing to find that noble and work with you.
I've been thinking about calling him back, but the job is only a 3 month contract.
Is there a chance it could become a permanent position?
This is why females shouldn't hold any information.
For the sake of everyone.
not because it's an install job.
Go in setup all the computers, printers, cabling, servers, software installs etc.
Once that's done the company that ordered the setup will send out an administrator to take over.
I live in central and IT jobs are hard to come by unless you have been an admin or programmer for 7+ years, or you drive to the university I work at.
Then better to fuck up now than to post three months down the road...
TIFU: a three month-position and am now unemployed.
So, yeah, probably for the best anyway.
I had him pegged as either gay
But seriously, fuck.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure Tim could sue the crap out of you for slander or defamation or something.
It was most definitely not your place to show anyone what you found on that phone.
If you had to have it wiped clean, it should have been between you and an IT person who knew what they were doing.
You're kind of a dick.
Butt fuck, seriously.
Come on guys.
Thanks for perpetuating a ridiculous and untrue stereotype!
TYL: NSFW in a post-title tags it as NSFW.
Come on what?
That was funny right there...
I was just trying to continue the trend :/
EDIT: And now I'm having an internalized argument about whether "gay jokes" are congruent with jokes about pegging.
sheeeit
Well how much did it cost?
Sounds like one of those things that could either go really good or really bad.
I feel you man
But, nothing represents the future!
You don't have a most treasured photograph becuase you're only partway through your life.
You first need to see the world, live life, fuck up!
You can't have a treasured photograph, because your most treasured moment is yet to come...
Damn I should have said that...
My points were along the lines of " is the vital starting point for most everything".
In retrospect I think that my piece of blank paper was more interesting than most everyone else's high school graduation pictures.
I'm not gonna knock you for fucking up.
You know you fucked up.
Move on.
But seriously...
fucking story.
"A little bird told me you're telling everyone I fly transvestite hookers across the country for sex." That is a hilarious line.
God damn you.
No kidding.
I feel like crap about it.
"I told my boss that I'd never said to anyone that Tim flies transvestite hookers anywhere"
10/10 would read again
Thank you...and you know that's the weird thing...I never said anything about transvestites.
The emails were all with females expensive escort services...granted, some of them were a lot less than tame, but they were all women.
Let's hope...
I know it was a dick move.
We don't even have IT, it's a small place.
I had to figure out how to wipe it clean myself...I certainly wasn't taking it anywhere else after all that.
A company that can't wait for you to do the right thing and give notice, is probably not a company you want to be working for anyway.
Also, giving up a permanent job for a temporary one, in the current employment climate, is probably not a good idea.
No, I feel he raises a fair point on the correlation between telling a woman a secret and it becoming common knowledge.
I think you can thank OP for that.
Thanks for the reminder.
'tis the season for wishing you kept a calendar.
takes the information from the OP and decides that based off the behaviour of one female, suddenly all females are unable to be in possession of personal information.
Makes a reddit post instead of doing homework
Yeah, TYFU.
Don't worry about it.
I've applied to literally hundreds of online applications without any further contact.
Odds are they must therefore be looking for someone extremely specific, and that almost certainly isn't you.
Staff told me to come over on Monday to talk to the head of that side of the department.
They told me to leave the letter, but I'd also need to talk to 'em.
Staff told me to come over on Monday to talk to the head of that side of the department.
They told me to leave the letter, but I'd also need to talk to 'em.
If it makes you feel any better, I had a 40 page paper due yesterday and I started 48 hours before that.
Design project due 30 hours ago that I am starting..
in about 20 minutes.
please...
i have an 8 page paper that was due thursday.
Still haven't started.
your fuck up wasn't today.
I took a final exam in 2011 for a class that I had in the Fall of 2010.
Also turned in two papers for that class, both a year late.
Go to a convenience store on your break and buy some.
What's the topic about?
I can help if you want
Upvote for you, sir.
My thesis draft date was due on April 2nd.
I'm about 1/2 done.
Use a bottle.
It'll be fiiine.
Gossip begets drama.
You're not obligated to give two weeks' notice, but if a new job won't give you two weeks to wrap up your old job, that's a red flag.
You didn't fuck up today. You have fucked up for the last month.
You can always use me ;-)
Or they just need so many people for that position that they already interviewed everyone you mentioned above.
crossed.
The question is whether he's a machine that dispenses upvotes, or one that collects them.
( for 24 days with less than 200 karma...
I'm calling the former.)
I only get 30 minutes.
The closest convenience store is that far away.
[making tampons out of paper towels.](
Let's not make this a competition.
Ball up a few sheets of printer paper and pack em in.
Should do the trick.
Just make sure to remove any staples or paperclips first.
It's
Oh mother of sweet jesus.
I have a feeling I typed that on my phone.
So you make a reddit thread about it.
Oh well, just say you were trying to lighten the mood by adding some humor.
It's kinda too late now.
and augmented prostheses.
Thanks, but I wrapped it up at 8 o'clock this morning.
Can you share the joke?
If it's good enough to laugh at a funeral, I really want to know.
"I got a 's calendar this year, every time I opened a door it said fuck off."
Wow, now that I see the joke written down like that, it doesn't even sound that funny.
I'm sure it's all about the delivery.
You think that bad?
One time, at my mother in-laws funeral, I saw a funny picture during the little slide show viewing thing.
Now, I could have left it at that, but when the pastor was saying the prayers and everything, I just burst out laughing.
Here I am, laughing so hard I'm crying, and every time I see someone's shocked face, I started laughing harder.
The wife wouldn't talk to me for several days, I was considered a disgrace to the family, and nobody listens to my explanation.
I believe I get the trophy?
Umm...
At least I got to explain myself.
Still, everybody hates me.
And I guess it's for a reason.
Hey man, karma isn't easy to come by.
I've been a redditor for 25 days and I only have 90-something karma.
Just always remember things can be worse.
advent callender
it directly from finnish to english, sorry if I got it wrong.
I learned recently that translation from to is part of what makes the Dolan comics funny.
Mine was 3 weeks overdue the day I handed it in.
I did it in the couple days before that point.
Many marks were deducted.
, I just didn't do another one.
At my grandfather's funeral, my sister and I started laughing uncontrollably when a couple of the worst singers I have ever heard sang Grace.
Jesus doesn't think you're an asshole, he forgives you.
This is why I never step outside without my phone or wallet/keys, generally both.
It's saved me more than once.
Please let us know what kind of superpowers you get.
How did it go?
I burst out laughing when I was entering a crematorium once and saw a 'no smoking' sign.
My husband did nearly the same thing.
He was offered a job by a large company (great pay, great benefits) about 3 hours after he had accepted a job with a little start up company (crap pay nearly no benefits).
He thought it was about integrity as he had already accepted though not started.
4 years later, he took a position with the large company and HR called and asked why he was applying to a position which he had been hired for, 4 years previously.
That's my biggest fear, is taking the job working the three months then being stuck without a job.
Being able to get good reference from my current job would help a lot further down the road, seeing as it's one of the largest employers within 100 miles, Tech.
I may want to return there after finishing my degree into a higher paying position.
Good advice.
Thank you for your input.
For some reason I like working for the bigger companies, there's a sense of security that comes from working for a company that has a lot of employees, and is doing well.
The only downside that I found was the lack of individuality, working for a company that had 120k employees worldwide can make you feel pretty insignificant at times.
See, that's legitimately funny though.
That reminds of the time a friend and I went ice climbing in CO.
We only drove 5-6 hours but when we got there he had forgotten his sleeping bag.
We had to share my bag (opened it up, laid it over both of us), and sleep in the cab of my pick up, running the engine every now and then to get the heater going.
Next day we climbed like a bunch of bosses.
This drives me nuts.
As long as I wasn't murdered and chopped up in the woods, I hope people will laugh and joke at my funeral.
It's the best cure for grief if you ask me.
, it's hard not to crack up when everything's so overly formal that a slight slip or awkward nuance sticks out like a sore thumb.
OP: Don't feel bad, you made no mistake.
You're only human after all.
Unless you're a 16 year old brat, in which case you'll be cleaning the gutters for a while.
Shame on you.
God on the other hand hates you.
Some people actually laugh for no reason at wakes and funerals, it's a way to cope.
My dad called me while I was leaving my city and asked hwo I was getting there.
I gave him the directions I had, but he said the exit I was taking was under construction and shut down, so he found me the new directions.
over and calling someone to look at a map and tell me if I'm about to turn the right way before driving down that way is a pretty decent precaution, I'd say.
Also, I don't own a car.
That's not a feasible option for me.
Here is your new theme song: (I tried to link it at the appropriate line).
Cool story bro.
Yeah, somebody could be laughing at your funeral.
WAY too relevant!
Ughhh...enjoy the toilet paper diaper.
Good luck on finding everything!
Bad thing about my school is that when final projects roll around, that's when most portfolios and pieces go "missing".
Hope this hasn't happened to you.
I laughed at my dad because he accidentally said "" to the widower at the funeral.
Then later on he just said "Sorry" and shook his hand and I almost lost it if it wasn't for my mum.
I'm down with it as long as it keeps a good mood.
I want mother fuckin' pinatas at my funeral.
(No joke, btw.
I've found the best way to enjoy life is to just enjoy it.
Don't over think things bro.) And confetti.
is always nice.
Except for the one who has to clean it up.
I'm all for "enjoying" funerals btw, too.
if you were very, very close to the one being the subject of the funeral.
It's all good bro.
My father died of a bad mixture of weed and lumber jacking (Pretty funny story actually, just not funny at the time), then not even half a year later my step father was murdered.
I was in a depression nothing could get me out of for months.
Then one day I realized I was a total pussy, manned the fuck up, and started enjoying life.
I would suggest you do the same.
Fuck it man, crying shoildnt be allowed at funerals.
only.
Criers will be asked to leave my funeral
Oh god that sounds like something id do - and now that ive read it its a near guarantee
I have not lost anyone, for that matter.
Was all hypothetical.
You were remembering the good times.
That's all anyone needs to know.
Fuck them all.
Don't smoke pot with losers.
Go after the girl.
He has no "claim" and is a shame to males everywhere if he acts like he does.
Then a priest drove up.
He had his hands on his cheeks, and a look of pure horror on his face.
I can't stop laughing.
me of the recent card fail post.
Saying, "Have a great birthday!" on a condolences card...
It's nervous laughter.
I feel like I laugh at least once at every funeral.
Hell, sometimes I prompt laughter; the last time I went to a funeral, it was about two years after the one before it, and I tried wearing the same suit.
The pants didn't fit at all, and when I went up to the casket, half of my family found out what my ass looks like.
was still upset, obviously, but I heard people cracking up.
When I went back to my seat, my mother and aunt gave me all kinds of shit about it.
No one was thinking our loss was awesome all of a sudden, it's just inhuman to cry for hours on end.
: I live in the center of my city.
My brother lives on the very edge, right off the express way.
Tell us when the resonance cascade begins and headcrabs start swarming you.
Not just on your head.
I think it's probably a coping mechanism.
Our brains don't really want to compute what's really happening so it wanders on to more pleasant things until it's ready to deal with the hard stuff.
I wouldn't feel too badly about it, it's not as if no one else in your family has ever reacted to a tough situation inappropriately (if they say the never do, they're lying).
she was the kind of person who would appreciate a good joke, and was laughing right along with you.
No, it's a solid joke.
IT HAS BEEN DECREED!
If you go inside the bank with a day and time maybe they can get an image and the police can help?
nn
Even though it's written down, that's a pretty hilarious one.
I actually snorted out loud.
tis but a flesh wound!
Gotta love humanity...
I don't think it's steam.
I think it actually gets superheated, doesn't it?
Not only is this helpful, that face makes absolutely sure the reader will have an excellent day.
I'll never not appreciate it when it's used.
Hmmm-$900?
Most Atm's let you draw out 300-400 at one time.
For me it's is and it sucks if I need more!
Where do you bank?
I would love to have that access to that kind of money from my bank.
(Chase)
You can withdraw $900?
Which bank allows you to do this because I remember the limit being $500 at BoA
Well, there's convenience stores around, but by the time I get my stuff, walk out to my car (which is quite a walk), fight traffic...it doesn't leave you with much time.
And everyone knows this which is why no one leaves.
I have female coworkers, but I just hate asking them for tampons for some reason.
I mean, they go through it too, but you still get embarrassed.
I did end up asking a coworker, so I made it through the day okay.
On the drive to my grandmother's funeral, my whole family stopped at a Barrel.
My sister and I were the only ones who noticed the hearse carrying her remains was also parked there.
We nearly died laughing (pun intended) and continued to fight against fits of giggling for the rest of the day.
funny is funny, even if your family ends up hating you for it.
Don't you have to input the PIN to withdraw money?
Or did you like put your card in the ATM, input your PIN and walked away?
Saved with flying colours.
I'm laughing so hard...
its time to put the FUN back in ...
Laugh away.
on the bank.
At our bank, you have to enter in the PIN for each transaction.
Dip the card in, enter the PIN, check the balance, decide you have to withdraw some money, enter the PIN and withdraw the cash.
Thanks man, I don't really care about Steve because he's an arsehole but I'm pretty upset that Dave went a long with it and made no effort to stop it.
Just so you know, I subscribed to tifu because of this post.
Yes...I was going to say the same thing...what bank do you use.
Either way, if this is true, the person who withdrew the cash will very likely get caught.
It's just a ring after all.
It is not what matters about marriage, or love, or life.
Just a stupid material thing.
That guy is a premium asshole.
I've left my card in twice and had it returned instantly, i've also seen people leave cards in and have them returned.
What a dick.
You aren't responsible for money lost via fraud.
SAP at its finest.
Don't even try and say something as someone takes all your cash right in front of you
() it depends on what kind of set-up you have with the bank and how long you've been with them.
I can only withdraw $500 at a time, but I can just press "make another transaction" on the ATM and get up to $1500/day.
edit - v I'm not OP.
My bank restricts daily ATM withdrawals to 500$, and you need to re-enter your pin before most operations that involve money leaving your account.
The machine also gives you your card back, first thing, before dispensing any money.
It also beeps annoyingly until you grab the card.
If you don't grab it within the allocated time frame, the ATM swallows it.
The ones at my particular bank also don't dispense anything until you grab your card.
I am not sure where you live, but your ATMs sure suck :(
Oh well you could make a spongebob line where they turn into spongebob, patrick, etc...
I'm sorry you shit got jacked.
This sounds suspicious, what atm lets you withdraw that amount of money?
usually its like $400 tops (not even that much).
and what shitty atm doesn't re-ask for your pin when you want to withdraw?
Change banks.
I'm not normally a supporter of Big Banks, but Bank of ATMs all take your card, check it, then give it back before you do anything else.
It's impossible to leave your card in the ATM, because the machine won't move forward until you've removed it.
my first thought is deus ex.
am I in the same ball park, or across the continent?
or you know, he was too ugly in person.
That sucks, but if it makes you feel better today that guy fucked up by impulsively committing a felony with a camera in his face.
lame but, it can only get better from here on out, right?
I'm assuming she didn't know that the guy was taking her money.
I think it sounds like she idly watched someone else using the ATM after her, saw the fraud later that night, and did the math in retrospect.
Think Human , though, not the original.
I don't think so...
it was tim's actual secrets, not libelous or slanderous at all.
and Tim would probably be screwed because of probably rules against company property for sex.
Hope you made him a sandwich...
For science of course.
Don't feel too bad, having a bad day like this when you drive a forklift for a import export freight depo can be much worse
the tl;dr for this one makes it so much funnier.
this makes me think you are glowing inside...and that you are eating tubs of algae to mask your fluorescent glow...
No, he just wont do her again
Losing a sentimental object can mean a lot to a person.
You're lucky it wasn't something more, like a keepsake from a deceased parent.
ATMs near me typically have a $800 a day limit on it, and I think various accounts can get more.
She could trip and fall down some stairs.
That's true, at least nothing expensive got broken.
I'm laughing so hard right now xD
this was on 4chan years ago...
That's why I never have more than a few dollars in my account.
Get off Reddit and report that shit!!
The sooner you notify your bank, the better chance you have of getting your money back.
It will be a tough case.
What does that have to do with having a vagina?
What the fuck?
TYFU your TIFU post :)
I've never even heard of this before, I'm not in though.
free money?
I like money.
got electrolytes...
extra big ass tacos with more MOLECULES
You must live in a really small town.
Kind of.
I'm from a small town of about 5000 people, but right now I'm going to college in a small city of about 100,000.
Oh well, it was only Wal-Mart.
If anything, that's a good thing.
I think he said that to make me laugh so I would feel better.
How'd your paper go?
That's funny?
This specific item is able to be replicated, but I remember when I lost my necklace that my parents had bought me.
It costed very little but it meant the world to me.
I was devastated for weeks - I sincerely hope you find it buddy.
I lost my class ring at an airport the same way except I put it on the sink.
I even though "I'm noting that I'm taking this off so there's no way I'll forget it." Wrong.
Bye bye $350.
You aren't a terrible person.
This Tim fellow was using a company phone for something totally inappropriate and was too dumb to clear it all out.
You should have showed it to your boss and called "Tim" out on it when you called him.
If he didn't want anyone finding out about it, he should have used his own damn phone.
should have typed "cum" instead of "come".
I suppose the time for subtlety had passed, hadn't it?
Well gay jokes are about as childish as and 9/11 jokes.
Anne , I think they're just plane wrong.
I upvoted that solely because of "stanky blankies".
I am so sorry I'm laughing.
Don't feel too bad, I broke every single bottle in 6 cases of wine about a month ago.
The part where you knocked over wine isn't so bad.
I used to work at Kroger and someone once knocked over an entire display case of wine.
Talk about a fuck up.
I'll try, but it'll be tomorrow at the earliest.
three things leave me wondering how this happened to you.
where I am:
Then, prior to dispensing the cash, it beeps loudly, and starts a countdown timer.
You must remove your card before 10 seconds or it eats it and logs you out.
If you pull the card out, it dispenses the cash.
This makes it particularly hard to leave a card behind, since you wouldn't have the money and would need to walk away from the machine while it beeps loudly at you.
I always saw these as inconveniences, maybe there is some value in this.
you should give your bank shit for having a poor software configuration.
Don't feel bad.
I was in the limo on the way to my great-grandpa's funeral.
Guy was 95 years old and sane til the end.
He got fired from the Curry trucking company in the late 50s for a wreck that that was completely not his fault.
It was his favorite story to tell; the idiot that crashed into him drunk got killed.
Anyway, he left me with his favorite belt buckle.
It was a big #3 Dale memorial one.
A Curry Coal truck pulls up next to us with a Jeff Gordon window decal.
Do you have any idea how expensive truck windows are to replace?
I never even got the buckle back.
I have excellent aim though :D
He'd be so proud of me
You dont work with other women?
Do I have Ambien stories for you...my mother used to take this stuff.
Want to hear some stories?
We anxiously await
Yup; this.
I work at Kroger and I dropped a bottle of wine once, as well as bumped into one of those big wine racks and had a mini heart attack.
Not a bad job, but shit like that is horrifying.
ya that thing is so unruly.
Well the driving bit...
I've withdrawn 800 before at a Chase ATM.
I've withdrawn $800+ from Chase ATMs before.
When I was on unemployment they paid us through a Chase ATM card.
Lost mine seven months ago, it was dropped off anonymously two weeks ago at my school.
Win.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Best thing I've ever read on reddit.
I am one sick young woman.
upvotes for fellow fruity pebbles consumer :)
Every man loses his wedding ring at least once.
Don't sweat it.
Ohh is that why?
i laughed at the tl;dr :')
Wal Mart sells wine?
To make you feel better: On my first day of my first job I broke a 8 bottle of .
To make you feel even better: about a year and bit later I was moving a roller of Wine/ and a box falls off followed by a loud crash.
To make you feel EVEN better: It was a box of Cognac, priced at 28 each, and yes, I broke ALL 6 of them.
I don't know how I kept that job.
So in other words...you're an idiot?
You wrecked your car but all windows remained intact?
I had that last part happen with a cellphone once.
I spent 2 weeks searching for it, calling it, and I blamed a lot of people for it.
The blame finally hit Omar, and I stuck with that for 6 months...
Until I found it in a set of bushes next to our trampoline.
I framed an innocent person.
I say innocent, he stole 60 off of me.
Well yeah - except for the fact that it didn't work no'mo.
A couple of years ago, a friend asked me to go to her mother's funeral, in order to lend some moral support at such an awful time.
I agreed to go without hesitation.
On the day, I turned up dressed in day-glo blue shorts, a dazzling hawaiian shirt full of reds and pinks, wraparound shades, and a floppy straw hat.
With a feather in it.
I was ready to party!
Of course, not one single person other than me had turned up wearing bright colours.
Every man was in a black suit, every woman in a black dress.
was sobbing or open-mouthed, and I had to walk past them all staring at me with OO eyes, in order to take my seat at the front row.
I think I would have rather have been naked.
With every step up the aisle, I genuinely wished the ground would open up and swallow me whole.
There's no big payoff to the story, seeing as it is true.
dangers of smoking.
not content with a slow and expensive cancer, they go right for the soft spots now.
Oh my goodness!
I bet you got yelled at that day :(
I had a really high withdrawal limit for a 24 hour period.
The dude took out 3 withdrawals of $300 until it reached my $900 limit.
I posted here because I really did fuck up...
I may have walked away with my card still inside the machine, account open, asking if I needed to make another transaction.
The only reason why I don't remember exactly is because I was distracted talking to my boyfriend.
There is a possibility that the dude behind me saw me put my pin # in.
Done.
I told the bank right away.
I can't file a claim until the transactions are processed.
Which, according to the manager, is probably tonight.
the impact was below the hood, and forward of the passenger's side window.
There's a few cracks in the windshield, in the bottom right corner.
Well, I may in fact have been a complete idiot an left my account open for another transaction.
I was distracted which is a poor excuse.
I guess it's also possible that the dude behind saw me enter my pin.
Yes, I am hoping something comes of the ATM video.
He was probably a customer of my bank.
User error on my part.
I may have left it open to another transaction, like an idiot.
If he did see my pin as he was standing behind me (which I didn't notice) that's still not really the bank's fault.
I had a high limit.
He withdrew $300 3 times.
Oh trust me, if I had realized it, I would have said something.
I would never do that to someone and I'm having a hard time comprehending how that guy was able to.
My wife is in the eye care industry (an eye DR) and she will enjoy this one!
Thanks for sharing.
With any luck he walked up, used your account while on camera, then put his card in and accessed his account.
It would be the criminal equivalent of writing your robbery note on the back of your Social card, but some people are that dumb.
I hope so!
I'll be filing a claim with the bank today or tomorrow.
"AAAH, MY SOFT SPOTS!
I NEED THOSE!"
Haha yeah tell me about it.
It was an old guy and I'm pretty sure he destroyed like hundreds of dollars worth of wine.
It was the cheap stuff but it was all stacked up in front of customer service.
I had just gotten off haha.
I feel sorry for whoever had to clean that up.
If they are using a good brand of e-cig there is far less a chance of cancer.
, they are still extremely expensive.
, they are far better for you.
Brands like Blu(one my coworker uses) is only flavor, nicotine, and water I believe.
I actually lost my class ring for a year plus, same thing happened, put it in my pocket, find out its not there.
From then on I got it resized so it would fit properly.
you wont need to take off a wedding ring, if you want you could pick out a design that lets water evaporate quickly, I know I am going to have to do that.
milk the karma for all it's worth already.
live and learn
The one I broke was one of those little Gallo bottles.
I was putting up misplaced items and it fell out of my cart.
It had been really busy and I was trying to get shit done and that was a big "goddammit" moment lol
If this doesn't scream nicotine addiction, I don't know what does.
You sir are a nob, I hope you rot in hell (well thats if it existed)
shame about that vancouver game last night, should have been a call !
hows he driving with his hands on his cheeks?
sounds dangerous.
You have no idea how much I hope this is true
Nice try OP. "But professor, look I even blogged about it, so I'm definitely not making this up, it's even my status.
Next week I'm getting a tattoo: R.I.P.
, then you have to believe me!"
cool what's the subreddit?
I freak out if I don't get my fix
The brand of the E-cig has less to do with as more so it's the brand of liquid or refill's you are using.
I use an E-go battery and only USA made liquid that also contains flavor, nicotine, and proplyneglychol (also what your co-worker's has).
Btw Blu
's really aren't that great, if your co-worker would like to upgrade I can make some recommendations that won't put their eyes in peril.
fine...
you win this one.
I dunno, you should some of the crazy shit they do for weed over at .
Joking aside, there is a difference between making cool contraptions for your fix and rigging something together to get a quick puff because you're desperate.
why do people find it necessary to hook up in a movie theatre?
Not if you ask my mother about it.
Lordy...
I would love to hear some recommendations.
From the looking around I did the Blu seemed like one of the better brands.
Also, yeah you're right flavor, nicotine, and proplyglychol is in his too.
I couldn't remember for the life of me.
Blu isn't one of the better brands it's just marketed really well so it's probably the brand you have heard abotu the most, the battery life is crap as are the refills.
I'm going to replace what I was using with a variable voltage lavatube, I wouldn't recommend some one jump from a blu to that though as it may be over whelming.
I would suggest getting an E-go kit (not the tank one), some dual coil cartomizers(blank refills) and some juice.
If you check out budgetvaping.com you can see who has best deals right now.
it's not the cheapest deal out there, I am a fan of for my juices, you can get 5, 15 ml bottles (a month supply for me) of juice for $30
:edit: There is also the sub-reddit but beware as it can be a bit of a circle jerk as to what products are best.
I'm just trying to look at the person's needs and what would not be too much for some one coming off of a pen style low Mah E-cig such as the blue.
To be honest the difference between this being to get my fix and and a cool contraption is a trip to radio shack to grab a push switch.
I've never heard of anyone getting shocked in the eye.
You're either an evil genius, or...ah, hell.
I can't recall what I was going to say.
Evil genius, it is.
I'll make sure to pass some of this info along.
You've been quite helpful.
Np, let me know if I can be of any more help.
Hey man if it saves your eye from getting shocked...
Damn, that's some cold ass karma.
It does exist although it doesn't seem to be very active.
You have no idea of the regret i am feeling now.
I have never wanted to go back in time so bad, just to and slap myself in the face for deciding not to go.
And also to make myself go to the funeral of corse
I did this exact same thing last summer.
I actually had to excuse myself from the grave site.
I highly doubt that you ruined the frame if all windows are intact.
It takes a lot of force to bend and would cause a lot of stress of the shell.
I feel your pain haha.
Don't do that next time.
The first day of my first job (bagging groceries and collecting carts), a cart got away from me and rolled into a customer's door while someone was in it.
, didn't get bitched out too bad.
I think my boss was drunk.
That's what I'm hoping.
I'll get in touch with the shop tomorrow.
I don't get the hype behind e-cigs...
I mean...
it seems to me like you're smoking a battery, correct me if I'm wrong.
How exactly do they work?
Dude, you're in high school.
You will not understand this right now but this bitch isn't worth your time.
You will one day understand, move on.
Got hang out with your bros and have fun.
That's the best thing you can do because chasing this psycho woman will do nothing but waste your time.
Pics, then I upvote.
Gee thanks!
EDIT: for 27 minutes...
lame.
I'M DOING IT RIGHT NOW!!!
I guess it was not that easy of a cig?
About $130 AUD
bended?
Yep, I believe you pissed in your face.
So you're saying pee everywhere and then clean it up later rather than bended down and risk peeing on your face?
This didn't happen.
did the holocaust but we don't mention that do we?
for no reason?
I hate you.
No one punches a cat.
ITT: People who don't know how to read.
Still, you didn't immediately feel terrible and decided to hug him for 5 hours straight?
I sat there and petted him until he took off.
I was busy eating Subway anyway.
You better have.
I just get on both my knees and pull up the seat.
Aim down of course.
Could have done the triple; puke,vomit and cum.
thing to me happened, i had a boner, and i had to pee and poop, so i bent it down a little and i shit on my dick...
What made that realization finally take place?
lol wtf?
how is that even possible?
Looked like interference to me, but that's the way I wanted the series to go, so I wasn't too upset over it
She passed by, and I said "hey susan" and she made a face, and my friend that was there with me was like "Dude, her name is ." And that's when it dawned on me.
Cat lesson learned.
Did you sign a contract or give them your SSN?
You are lucky you couldnt aim down.
The high pressure can give you a highly painful stinging sensation in your urethra that will last hours.
me, ive tried.
True story.
I know this all probably happened in a matter of seconds, but at any point did you consciously take your foot off the accelerator?
I don't know about anyone else, but I personally hate people who wear graduation rings.
It seems like that's the pinnacle of ultimate douchebaggery.
the people that get them for High School.
bummer.
girlfriend = shark week
I applaud your girlfriend for allowing sexytimes during said week.
you never learned how to aim?
bend, aim, pee, done.
it's as simple as that.
That's happened to me too, but not for as long.
I called this guy A.J.
but I didn't find out until the next quarter that his name was really Adrian.
Am i the only person on the planet able to pee with a boner with no pain?
Corn and corn starch have never been demonstrated to cause or trigger a migraine.
In fact no food has ever been demonstrated to cause or trigger a migraine.
The popular theory that foods can cause or trigger migraines is unsupported by scientific evidence.
"...intake of alcohol, caffeine withdrawal, skipping meals, and possibly dehydration may trigger migraine and TTH in some patients.
evidence is lacking that any other food or food additive plays a relevant role as a trigger factor of headaches."
[Wober C, Wober-Bingol C.
of migraine and tension-type headache.
Handb Clin Neurol.
I keep to a strict diet due to Celiac disease.
My sensitivities also include corn.
I have kept a food journal for years so that I could find out what exactly was causing problems, and I discovered it was corn.
Now the only time I ever get a migraine is within 24 hours of ingesting any kind of corn product.
So research or no, it absolutely is a trigger for me.
As long as I stay away from it I have no problems.
Just say that Susan is the most beautiful woman's name that you know and whenever you see her, that's the name that pops into your head.
it is unfortunately
This is much more and beyond a mere fuck up of the week actually.
Seems like the OP fucked up his/her degree/diploma.
Thats really sad.
It's good that you are attempting to identify the cause of your migraines.
, there are limitations to what we can soundly conclude based on your observations.
you've done a trial study using one subject: yourself.
your trial study had only one subject, the results can't tell us whether corn triggers migraines or not, in you or in anybody else.
That's because a trial using only one subject can't rule out coincidence.
is very common, and people with migraine, like everybody else, tend to eat several times a day.
So it is statistically inevitable that many migraine patients will notice remarkable associations between foods they eat and their migraines.
I can show you the math if you like.
There is a 1.4 percent chance that at least one food will have been eaten in the 24 hours before each migraine.
If the person eats more than 20 foods, the chances increase that at least one of those foods will have been eaten in the 48 or 24 hours before each migraine.
There are an estimated 36 to 45 million migraine patients in the US alone.
So: is the remarkable association you've noticed between eating corn products and getting a migraine due to coincidence, or due to corn causing the migraines?
There's no way to know based on your observations.
whether corn causes or triggers migraine would require a trial study using multiple subjects, in order to rule out coincidence.
If among a large enough group of subjects corn is associated with migraine more than is placebo, that would mean corn is causally associated with migraine.
(The trial study would also have to be blinded, to rule out the placebo effect.)
researchers have done trial studies on the effects of some foods on migraine, and it turned out the foods studied didn't have an effect on headaches or migraines.
And researchers realized that dietary restriction is not an effective approach to treating migraine, beyond a placebo effect (which can be profound).
So years ago headache researchers and theorists quietly discarded the idea that foods cause or trigger migraine.
That's why there's been no study of the effect of corn on migraine: researchers know the results would be negative, so there's nothing to be gained from doing such a trial study.
Plank position!
But that's in the same ballpark, kinda, because if the A, I'd think it'd be a nickname if i were the guy.
Now RES tagged as Smooth.
Once I realized the rear broke out, i'm pretty sure that's when the foot came off.
I know I lifted at one point, but i never was like "oh, I should lift."
I ask because it's the most important step in regaining control of a pickup if you lose traction.
If you don't lift your foot off the accelerator, or worse, if you mash the brake pedal, you end up wasting traction that can go towards straightening your truck back out.
, though, you can keep a level head and do everything by the numbers and still end up sliding into a tree.
These things happen.
It's good that you're alright.
I definitely braked, and I know I shouldn't have, but I'm not the type to panic mash the accelerator.
The lot of people will either not move their foot at all, or mash the brake.
Don't beat yourself up over it.
Proper accident avoidance takes practice.
I am not a medical doctor, but I take issue with this following statement.
That's why there's been no study of the effect of corn on migraine: researchers know the results would be negative, so there's nothing to be gained from doing such a trial study.
How can you say with certainty what the results of the study would be if it has not been performed?
What if you are missing something important?
For example, there have been studies performed that link migraines to estrogen levels.
and ( are some sources to back up this claim.
, corn seems to have an effect on estrogen levels in animal models as shown (
, I doubt that there have been any studies on migraine triggers in patients with Celiac disease (as OP says that they have).
this is a question worth asking as well.
Now start calling her Karen.
Just for laughs.
So there are at least 6 people with no sense of humor.
Every mans curvature is different, apparently wisdommongers is shaped like a really big claw.
Call her a different name every time you see her, normal names at first but get progressively weirder.
Names of movie characters she looks like, ghetto names etc.
and only once ever call her by her real name.
My husband does it all the time.
I wonder why some can and some can't, but I'm not sure I want to google that...
An award to the redditor who thinks before googling.
Well, I don't claim corn must not cause or trigger migraines.
Rather, I argue that there is not sufficient reason to believe corn causes or triggers migraines.
You're right that neither I nor headache researchers know for certain that corn doesn't influence migraine.
It's unlikely a proper trial study of the effect of corn on migraine will be done, as there's no good reason to expect such a trial study would produce positive results.
from migraine patients such as yourself who have noticed associations between corn and their migraines could be accounted for by random chance.
definitely influences migraine.
It is possible that if corn influences migraine, it does so because constituents of corn act like estrogen.
I briefly looked over the article you cited.
from the findings of this study to corn influencing migraine in humans is too much of a stretch.
The findings of this study don't support the conclusion that corn influences migraine.
This 1984 study found no effect of corn oil on female sexual hormones in rats:
[Wetsel WC, et al.
of an effect of dietary corn oil content on plasma prolactin, progesterone, and 17 beta-estradiol in female -Dawley rats.
Cancer Res.
Then again, the study report you cited ( ( says corn had an effect on estrogen hormone receptors in rats.
So the idea is that even though corn doesn't influence the amount of female sexual hormones, corn could influence sensitivity to those hormones.
Anyway, again, I doubt a trial study of the effect of corn on migraine will be done.
And until and unless such a study is done, there's no good reason to believe corn influences migraine.
I mean, corn has to wait in line with all the other foods accused of triggering migraines.
And the line isn't moving.
There are some factors that are associated with migraine.
the effect of corn on migraine is not the best use of time, effort, and resources.
We should instead concentrate our suspicions and investigations on those factors known to cause headache.
As butter
if its only 3 month contract, its not worth it.
you didnt mess up.
he slowed down and he was the only person on the road at the time.
I wonder why she didn't ever correct you.
I would tell you if you called me the wrong name a couple times in a row.
That's what I've been trying to figure out all of yesterday.
Maybe she thought I was talking to someone else and she always happened to pass by, or she didn't want to correct me?
I'll never know.
And that's when it dawned on me.
similar happened to me.
For a whole year I mixed up two girls.
When one moved house close to where I live, i sent a message to the other one asking if she found the right address.
Many laughs that day.
mine is shaped like a claw?
what about the guy whose boner reaches his butthole?
i mean u gotta have a curve on the wrong side, and that too almost like a semi circle cause the butthole is all the way at the back.
atleast mine is, assuming every man's curvature is different.
its just as bad when you get a boner sitting down on the toilet, and your dick is stuck under the seat and you piss though the gap between the seat and the bowl.
pissing out of a toilet.
I called a girl Sarah for the last year and a half.
I know here name is , but I don't mind overmuch.
I think it annoyed her, but consistency and being generally likable pays off, and now she answers to Sarah as easily as any other name.
Aww yeah.
You only light once
OW!
isn't a beautiful enough name for her?
It's like people can't move their dick at all when they have a boner...
Unless you come up to her, apologize, and ask.
Start calling her Dawn.
You may not believe me, but this happened.
Peeing on your face is so embarrassing...
Or just try to don't miss.
And then you accidentally pee on your balls...
Hey, nice advice!
I know how to aim, but I peed on my face accidentally :S
apparently wisdommongers is shaped like a really big claw.
wisdommonger
You, sir, deserve an upvote.
I must have misread.
That's the person who I meant
Scalp them like an apache warrior.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your grandmother's funeral.
I'm sure she was a lovely person.
The important thing is the time you spent with her when she was alive.
yeah i was kidding, lol.
That's when you pee in the bathtub.
Just throw back the shower curtain and let loose into the tub
That's why men will never win.
How did you mix up in the first place?
Your entertainment, of course, is paramount.
But the question of whether corn induces migraines, though of far lesser importance than your lulz, does effect the quality of many people's lives.
Many people believe corn or other foods trigger their migraines, a belief not supported by the available scientific evidence.
As a result, many people restrict their diet without good reason to do so.
Great idea!
Rookie mistake.
Were you not using your hands?
I'm an expert on peeing in places where I shouldn't.
", Dave?"
A girl called me Steven for the entirety of high school.
My name is Blake.
hahahahaha
well ya...
bones are like hard and shit.
duh.
I had her for a class in my junior year of high school,and I thought she was pretty cute.
I wanted to know her name so I asked my friend what her name was, and he said Susan.
Oh it is a type of humor, just a really dark kind
When I was younger, my little brother was being classic and annoying me while I was on the computer.
He kept coming up behind me, so after the 4th or 5th time I turned around to punch him in the gut, but he was holding the cat.
So I punched the cat in the gut.
Before anyone freaks out, I half realized what I was about to do before connecting, so the cat wasn't hurt, he just did a half purr and went about.
I did :(
Always wanted to meet an expert in peeing in places where you shouldn't!
I always thought my neighbor's name was Grant.
Turns out it's Brandt.
I was talking about the people that down voted you.
I found it funny
ahh yes well thanks
Your friend trolled you bro.
What exactly were you apologizing for?
I'd probably be able to help you out a little better if I knew more about what happened.
And L will probably come around.
Just wait it out man.
From the sound of it, she really enjoys being dramatic, with the whole "I need space thing".
I had a similar problem with my buddy and his girlfriend.
I did something I shouldn't have, and she didn't talk to me for like a week.
But now she doesn't, (nor does my friend...) give a shit about what happened.
Time is usually the best medicine (and yes I realize that that statement was corny as hell, but it's true.)
Well there's your problem.
Yup, classic, there should be a name for that act in fact.
Been their buddy, she always would call me Bill in response (not my name), became a running joke when I found out what a complete moron I was.
If she wasn't close to you that is no big deal, don't worry about it.
Of course you should have gone in consideration to your father/mother and grandparents but it is pointless crying over spilt milk.
Cats are pretty good at rolling with the punches.
See what I did thurr?!
Don't let 4chan know
it's "like buttah" and you gotta say it with that raspy old jewish woman voice.
I cannot sit next to my mother at funerals because she tells jokes the entire time and then I look like the asshole when I crack up and she's sitting there innocently.
Ah.
Been there.
It really sucks, but it's great that your table was so understanding.
It happens to the best of us.
It won't be the last time either.
Don't feel too bad about it.
These things happen.
one little shift of balance can really screw the pooch on a huge tray.
Your table was cool with it, and I'm sure you were able to get the whole situation sorted out with relative ease.
You'll be just fine!
I've nearly dug my eyes out doing this same thing.
Turns out that I HAD put my contacts in, but one of them decided to play a trick on me and work it's way out of my eye without me noticing at some point.
backups, backups of the backups, backups of the backups of the backups...in multiple separate physical locations.
So much cringe, and I don't even have balls.
to me..
now I never use the damn razor heads for more than a month.
Thank god for google and its Drive.
Not to sound weird but how bad was the cut
neither does he.
In most NZ banks I've dealt with, $800 is the limit
, once I'm in, I'm in for good!
Great movie, great actor.
Thass y u gotsta b curful...
The best investment Ive made in that area is that As Seen On TV (
Great for the tender areas
Works phenomenally if you batwing the sack and get the shaving surface nice and taught.
Quit pussyfooting around and just ask him for the pictures.
OP, SHOW US YOUR BALLS!
xG33Kx show me yours first. Wait fuck that.
I dont want to see your herpes.
oh god lol
I trust you speak from experience?
I couldn't post mine, I don't have a wide angle lens to fit them all in.
All the herpes?
batwing the sack
Too much herpes for 1 shot, man.
You must have the softest hair.
I have to change mine every three days, and I'm only shaving my face.
nuxenolith pls
Sounds so fucked up, but "batwing the sack" is the correct terminology when referring to shaving balls.
I hope you didn't bleed through your pants!
You must have titanium hair.
( going to to find out what it was.
Kinda...
Before I started shaving my vag, I would still trim the bush with scissors, because full bush is just a bitch to deal with.
I bled a good bit, but everyone found it hilarious.
Low blow...
Yes, yes I do.
Yea, batwing baby.
I was referring to "The Game" from the movie ...
O.o wtf did I just read..
Been there dude.
It's rough
I accidentally hit my cat, I would hold him and tell him I'm sorry for like 10 minutes.
While mentally calling him an idiot, of course.
I swear, they purposely get right in the way to make us feel bad for running into them!
Toilet paper pads are your friend!
I've been there before girl.
why i carefully trim with small scissors.
[thank you for giving more reason to never attempt shaving my balls](
My jaw hit the floor, and whapped my sack on the way down FUUU
agreed, just hope she isnt a redditor
Ouch bro.
As someone who has done this before, you will have a scar.
And your girlfriend will make fun of you about it.
Three days is a little extreme.
I have to change mine every week, and I only shave my face.
I hope you get your toilet unclogged before you buy a new dog toy...
The beard of a true bear.
I hope you don't subscribe to the sub...
Wasn't my toilet.
Friend asked me to leave right after it happened.
I have nicked my balls, but never cut them.
Let us pray.
this is getting interesting
zing!
sit down, lean forward so your shoulders are on your knees, and that way you only have to "bend" your dick the tiniest bit down and there won't be pain and it'll go in the bowl.
, solved.
Amen to that.
I have stepped on my cat in the dark so many times.
I'm a guy.
For some reason I found this more aweful than the OP cutting his sack.
I had more of that tingly "Oh no" feeling.
I wonder why that is.
Maybe it the way you told the story.
up vote for the hilarious tl;dr
Fairly certain I have seen this at least twice before.
thats why u do it when your balls are loose and do it in the shower.
trim them hairs down first with a hair trimmer, then use a razor.
a good razor goes a long way too.
I was scared.
I change mine every 25 seconds.
My hair is made out of pure brick.
The past is a memory; the future is a dream; there is only now.
the tl;dr would have been in the opposite direction
Got drunk, threw up, epic story, bought a bad coconut.
What, are you (
everyone refers to it as my 'tongue.'
I bled a good bit, but everyone found it hilarious.
"today is a gift, that's why it's called the present"
I think I'll pass on my curiosity and just not go there.
I think you're right.
Nicked my dick once.
Life sucks when you're scared of accidental erections.
Spank you!
pics or ...
oh nevermind
Ugh that's the worst.
One time I took a nap right after work, and woke up at 7:30 PM.
Fuck that.
Worst.
Life.
Ever.
Moment of silence please...
How do you drive in a horse costume?
[I guess it's not driving, exactly.](
he shouldn't have stuck his dick in crazy
being those who've seen it...
My mom, my cousin who I still shower with from time to time, and my boyfriend.
I think my grandma heard the story too...
Don't go unless you like strap-ons...lots and lots of strap-ons.
I called a cousin Jack until i was 16.
One xmas he yells at me, and says: Dude, my name is Jimmy!
Ok, there are idiots, and there is YOU.
Man, you DO NOT OFFER SHOTGUN TO YOUR MOTHER IN LAW, EVER.
AND FUCK SHIT FUCK, WHAT'S WITH TYING UP USED CONDOMS, WTF!
Its a possibility, but its the first time I've ever posted/done it.
Awww.
Must have been a nice feeling still.
A good tip is to type the entire email, then fill in the "send to" space.
That way it's out of your system, and you have enough time to think..
do I really want to send this?
like this I assume:
Pour Out A Lil Liquor
resubmit it...
sounds like yesterday you fucked up too
You sir, are an idiot.
You tie them shut so they don't spill man juice all over the car.
And again, if you actually read the post:
did not have a place to throw them out at the time.
Not MLK, that's inner NE.
This happened in outer NE, where few dare to travel.
Could've been much worst!
Better than the opposite, eh?
what did it say...
Today you did the opposite of fucking up.
I love dogs, but if a dog started chasing me in an aggressive manner when I was out jogging or whatever, I would not hesitate to kick it in the face, HARD.
My contacts, I just clean them in regular solution after they soak to get the extra burning shit off.
Didnt do it well enough once and omfg it was bad.
I cant imagine full hydrogen peroxided eye.
Did you ever find out the extent of the damage?
haha it's not THAT bad but it's certainly not any thing I want to encounter in real life...
Wish I would have read this prior to checking it out...
Cannot unsee.
Nah, he was good.
He was pretty confused but he's tough.
He's from the streets, yo.
when everyone used AOL and you could actually un-send an email?
That was the best for moments like these.
but now has already passed so really there is no present or future, only past.
Edit for clarity: by the time you process everything coming into your senses that moment is already gone and past.
If you need to send them a crazy bitch email, that's usually a good sign you don't need them as a friend.
Trust me on this one, you can't change him.
Either get used to never getting to have negative feelings in the friendship, or let it go.
Off?
First place I checked.
Curse for getting rid of the "UNDELETE" command.
Post the e-mail.
GMail's unsend option is awesome.
More people should use it.
There is an unsend option in Gmail ?
That's awesome, i didn't know Gmail offered that option.
Thanks for the info!
If you feel disrespected, why do you want to be friends?
(probably where the "crazy bitch" stuff factors is)
I think you have to enable it in Google labs, but yeah, there is.
You can even specify how long after you've sent it you have to unsend it.
I think you have to enable it in Google labs first, just FYI.
Just posted pics, and got an estimate of $7000 to repair.
Aside from the obviously visible, airbox is broken, is broken, probably etc.
I would have tried to play it off in to crying.
I've done the exact same thing.
You would think your hands are free of oil several hours and hand washings later, but no.
I took mine out to take a nap without any issues, then went to put them on afterwards and it was like getting stabbed in the eye with a hot knife.
Still the most intense pain I have ever experienced in my life.
It was even a perfect match for my profile as well.
I sent an in-revision version of my resume that had placeholders such as "write something here about your other job" and "sound important here".
to say, never heard back.
This was years ago though.
( HOOO!
Might as well fuck up completely.
It's only a "click here in the next 5 seconds to undo sending" thing.
It's not a next-day solution.
Or even next minute.
But I still use it a lot (relatively speaking).
I think you can actually set the amount of time available for an undo though.
How does next day unsend work?
giggity!
Wait wha-
Why would it?
Honest mistake, these things happen.
Like in (
Tried to find a picture, but all I got was gay porn.
Thats not really fucking up...
What is the subreddit?
This is so unfortunate but I'm kinda curious about this.
Did you post on something like that would lead someone to stalk you?
I once dropped off the monkey bars and landed on some kid, 16 years late nobody remembers.
I can't imagine this being more that a funny story for you to whip out later on in life.
If he wants to be offended there really isn't much you can do.
If someone pushed you it's their screw up.
My stomach hurts from laughing
Don't even worry, my dad forgot any bathing gear at all for me once so he chucked me into a public pool in just my shorts with my shoulder length hair and told me I was a boy.
You made an honest mistake and kids are pretty androgynous at that age.
Can't unsend it.
Can move on.
Not mutually exclusive notions.
i thought i saw on reddit a way to identify someone using facebook.
anyone know what im talking about?
this might help you find this girl.
I can honestly say I have no idea what I did.
I don't post anything remotely like GW.
One of my friends told me something interesting, though.
She's had an internet stalker and told me that it's not about the person they're stalking, really.
They're just who they've attached their sickness to.
Wait.
I just naturally assumed you fucked up your platters with a vacuum or something.
All you did was -delete- files?
All we're talking about is data and software?
Fix that shit.
It's a computer.
You have a Mac OS disc.
And you can google a how-to if you need.
It was a gift; need to get the OS disc from my friend:P And if he doesn't have it, I need to get one - I miss my Mac:(
I have no words for this.
Maybe that user is mentally unstable or something.
You're probably fine, but a sudden shock like that can wake up your brain worms.
If you have brain worms.
Which you probably do.
though.
You've clearly never played football.
Or fallen on your face before.
CTRL-SHIFT-T niggaaa.
Nope I haven't done either, I'm a couch potato.
I'm not trolling though.
Well come to think of it, bumper cars probably travel at that speed.
I've never hit anything before driving a real car, so that doesn't help either
next time use the proper tools.
get a Subaru.
was probably a fake email anyway, don't worry about it
...well we haven't seen the email, but explaining to someone why you felt disrespected doesn't make it a crazy email.
I like to send things to myself, then read it when I'm in a better mood.
99% of the time, I end up deleting the damn thing and nobody's the wiser.
it's more about getting the words out than sending them anywhere specific.
dont u think u should tell your friend about what happened to his car?
got you good chicken fucker!
bakaw!
If you didn't bust a tire everything's fine
this deserves upvotes.
haters gonna hate
to my uncle.
Damn those brain worms.
I drive a dinky ass sunfire and I'm always hitting curbs at various speeds and not once have I had a mechanical problem result from it nor have I injured myself.
You and your car should be fine.
my 4th grade teacher rolled down a wooded mountain, hit a tree, ejected through the driver window and held on to the seat belt to avoid rolling down the rest of the mountain.
She walked away with a scratch on her pinky and a tiny sliver of glass in her arm...
I think you'll be fine.
No because he'll think I'm stupid and paranoid and he's going to sell his car next month, with me possibly being the buyer
You idiot.
Omegle doesn't work like that.
That sounds assuring.
I did inspect it after that and didn't find any damage though.
I DID notice something under the car cracked, though it was way too far back to have been done by the curb.
I wonder what it is.
Boo hoo.
You were early.
The only fuck up is mistaking it for a fuck up.#3232;#3232;
I had something to say about this, but I'll shave it for later.
OP, there aren't really brain worms.
someone I used to hook up with
I felt "disrespected."
[What an unexpected and unforeseeable outcome!](
I met an awesome girl on omegle.
We exchanged Skype names.
We talk often.
We are now married.
Just kidding.
She never appears online anymore.
Not sure why that stopped...
That's funny.
I met a really awesome girl on omegle, who didn't feel comfortable giving me her email.
BLOOD WILL RAIN DOWN FROM THE HEAVENS.
Of course, one of the symptoms of advanced brain worm infection is the steadfast denial of the existence of brain worms.
I saw a whole thread about assholes driving yesterday.
#3232;#3232; Anyone have the link?
It was probably a dude.
Then we'd be in a whole 'nother situation.
pics
Was it with that parking thread?
I remember reading about assholes with on that.
I would probably say I'm an asshole but not because of my .
I think its a cool little car in all but I don't think its uber awesome and it should be cherished and everybody should respect me cause I have one.
I'm an asshole in the sense that I hate every mother fucker who decides theywant to drive at the same time as I do.
How dare they.
Do an AMA
tits?
I just shuddered.
I think smoooth sums up every TIFU.
my cousin who I still shower with
my cousin who I still shower with
Good man.
That is all.
proof before karma
It was probably a disguised as a human disguised as a Na'vi disguised as a disguised as a Irken disguised as a Phazon disguised as a disguised as a girl.
So, it probably would have never worked out anyway.
You fucked up
Edit: I fucked up.
Self posts receive no karma.
did they...
fall out?
whatta douche!
bon appetit!
i saw the 18+ thing, so decided to go to urban dictionary instead...
oh the mental images Dx
If you hit body-first the car should keep working just fine but you probably scratched/dented something pretty good.
Best case is you hit body-first but underneath the part you usually see so that it won't be very noticeable.
10-15 while pulling into a spot seems very fast.
Are you sure you weren't going slower?
Well, it actually might.
they would see his cover letter twice and may assume that he is desperate and spamming them.
This stuff does happen, unfortunately.
Call them up.
the situation.
Ask for their suggestion.
They probably would ask you to resend, once they have deleted your earlier mail.
Bahaha.
like that, though I'm pretty sure it fuels my boyfriend's threesome fantasies.
I wouldn't really say showing up early would be all that bad, at least there aren't really negative consequences...
Ended up getting suspended for 3 days even though it was an honest mistake and they weren't busy.
I put my 2 weeks in after the suspension.
Fuck any job that is going to punish someone for an honest mistake that didn't even affect them.
edit worst part is they didn't even say anything that day.
It happened on a .
Came in to work , nothing.
Came into work , nothing.
Then Sunday morning I was scheduled on at 8:00, I almost never get scheduled that early so it's not something I was used to.
On top of that, my second job where I work 1-2 days a week I get off at 3am.
I had to work until 3am at my second job night.
Then had to turn around and go to this job at 8am, so I got no sleep.
I got there and clocked in on time.
2 hours later, they called me up to the office and informed me of my suspension.
They waited until other people showed up to tell me to go home, so I got almost NO sleep that night for nothing.
it
And Gary Busey.
Wish I could find the link.
Don't call them up.
Just resend and make a very short apology.
It's not a big deal.
I feel like "forget the resume and resent" comes off as "oops, small mistake" and "called to ask about it" is "why is this weird person calling me??"
It might, but it's better than sending no resume at all.
A single line at the top of the second submission ("Oops sorry" in professional speak) should clear up the confusion.
Hmm, I guess you're right.
the original cover letter mail with a small note attached would do just fine as well.
He now must think I am annoying and perhaps the craziest woman on the planet, but all I want more than anything is to just unsend the damn thing and move on.
He doesn't, he knows all women are like that.
first, regret it later.
but did you finish?
Did you get fired?
What, does she put on her makeup with a paint roller?
Jesus christ it's bozo in drag.
Doesn't matter, had sex!
just thinking about the pain from that makes me nauseous, I think I have to throw up, from the pain, not the image
Sorry Mr.
i think both of these accounts are from the same person
Thank you sir, for this gift.
EDIT: Just realized it is not, in fact, ladies using strap-ons on ladies...goddamn.
Also Tuna Salad farts.
That first paragraph.
I laughed so hard I cried.
The last time that happened here was when I saw that picture of when 4chan sent that toad into space.
dont buy it lol who knows what kind of damage was done to the suspension.
No shit, dude.
Go back to 4chan.
didn't
100% agreed.
comment karma
Who is the artist and what's the name of the piece?
BANANA
Once I put a shitload of salt into my coffee instead of sugar.
I've been calling her !
I've been making an idiot out of myself!
Why didn't someone tell me?
I hope you find your portfolio.
It was awful.
Whole new meaning to 'scissoring.'
wat.
You fucked up a piece and didn't tell anyone?
Did you think maybe there's something that can be done to repair some of the damage?
Even if there isn't, that's fucked up.
, report that shit.
DO A HANDSTAND IN FRONT OF THE TOILET
As I was reading this blood shot out of my nose profusely and completely out of no where.
I'm pretty sure your a demon, you might want to look into getting an exorcism.
Oh so that's why this sub called 'today I fucked up'...
I mean, really?
Get off of reddit.
Nobody needs more "get back to 4chan/9gag " fags.
Are you serious?
ONE of the condoms?
How many were you wearing?
Awww, snap!
Yeah, we need more people who use "fag" as an insult.
slow clap that sir, is awesome.
I'm bummed I uploaded this so late.
I'm pretty sure if I had timed my submission better more people would have gotten to read it, haha.
My next happy pill will be taken in your honor.
Edit: This subreddit isn't popular enough that the time of post really matters, so disregard this
You know the rules.
didnt happen / move on
You're just as bad as the guy you insulted is.
You do realize your blood is on the art piece right?
If they wanted they can test who did it...
It's not like the first thing they are going to think is "DAMNIT!
Who was eating fries around here!
They got ketchup all over the painting!"
rearry?
hahahah ok that last one made me laugh, thanks.
GET THE FUCK OUT!
I won't believe it unless I see pics.
...how is this a TIFU, then?
ex-girlfriend's mum died.
One of the first things i said to her was a fat 'your-mum' joke before i knew her properly.
Ill never, ever make a your mum joke again
You really didn't get my point, did you?
Good opportunity there.
That would be the rules of the internet.
Yes, as a matter of fact I would.
I'm sorry but what the hell is a narwhal call?
My google fu's failed me.
She wasn't.
She was just fat and she threw a bitch fit.
I would like to know this as well.
You know what this means?](
The first time my mom did it she accidentally took one and we still had to go to work(we were working as a cleaning crew, so we worked nights).
So we strapped her onto the back seat , wrapped in a blanket, and took off.
We locked her in the truck and did our job and came back.
to say, we drove slower after that.
The last time she did it, she was in the shower...obviously naked.
Anyway, she comes out, crying for some reason.
the next six hours of trying to get her to just TRUCKING LAY DOWN AND SLEEP IT OFF.
Not a TIFU.
You almost F'd Up thou..
It sounds like his employer said "When does the narwhal bacon?" and he didn't answer...that's what it seems like, it's a Reddit thing.
Edit: urban dictionary is my friend
you should post a socially awkward penguin in his cubicle, as an apology.
Nah, he definitely fucked up, just no one took advantage of his fuck up
Ah, my bad, i could have explained that better, haha.
Rule # 32.
I actually didn't know about it until recently.
A friend of mine did the same thing, but instead of her being mad, she just started crying.
It was really sad.
She was wearing maternity clothing though, so my friend really didn't know.
At the same time I feel like that if you're fat and unhappy, do something about it.
She wasn't handicapped or anything.
It was actually an exchange over email.
I emailed him back and mentioned my stupidity and added a couple jokes, he responded with another quip.
He seemed understanding.
I do like the idea of making a socially awkward penguin for it and sending it to him.
Good idea.
tyler durden strikes again
I have never understood those questions either.
Edit: Got it now.
Or maybe, he was testing to see if you were a timewaster!
You passed!
A few years ago I not only locked my keys in my car at the park-and-ride, I left it running as I tried to go to work.
Then I scrambled around the local businesses trying to find a wire coat hanger to unlock my car.
Self posts don't even get comment karma.
So, until proof is posted you are lying.
It doesnt matter whether or not this subreddit requires proof.
Still I'm not believing this shit until proof.
Liar
So someone asked when the narwhal bacons, and you didn't answer?
I'm confused.
You have them
How did he work this into a job-related conversation without seeming like a total lunatic?
My motorcycle has a keyhole on the side which lets me lift up the seat to get at a compartment where I keep my lock and other small things.
I'm constantly leaving the keys hanging off the side of my bike.
So stupid.
This needs more than 4 upvotes.
Holy fuck I died laughing.
Your grammar is almost as bad as your aim.
I figured I'd upload a pic of my knee so you can get an idea of what I'm working with here.
Here's a life tip- Unless you see a newborn baby head peeking out from under a woman's skirt, do NOT ask if she's pregnant.
My wife is 4 months pregnant and it just looks like she has a beer gut.
Well, was she?
Yeah, I'll never say "!" Or anything referencing a baby/pregnancy unless I know for 100% certain that this girl is pregnant.
Like, if she says she is.
I've seen too many movies to know how badly this can go.
I don't get why guys don't get this by now.
NEVER mention a girls pregnancy to her unless you know her and know she is pregnant or she has specifically mentioned being pregnant.
Just don't take the chance!
And this ladies and gentlemen is why its good to be a girl.
do you live in a 90's romantic comedy?
Never ask a woman if she's pregnant.
If she is, and wants you to know, she will tell you.
This is confusing to me.
If guns are illegal..
ONLY the criminals will have them and therefore will probably only be used for bad.
I agree with you 99.9%, I just wish you would not be hypocritical and not use all encompassing words like 'everyone'.
I'm surprised no one was like wtf is that drizzling.
I'm fat, and I would.
But, I wouldn't go for your jugular.
1/10 would not mistakenly add again.
I have a story that might make you feel better.
So I was a young guy, 15 to be exact.
I was going through a punk/ oy!
phase where I wanted to show authority I was boss and nobody told me what to do.
Well, me and some friends were cruising at the mall looking for shocks and giggles.
My friend was on a leash, half the time down on all four/s.
He was getting some looks, so my other friend decided to up the ante by tossing coins into the fountain from the second floor while patrons below feared getting hit.
After security told us to cut it out, we went to look at clothes.
I wanted to come out on top so I went to try on some pants.
When I got in the dressing room, I peed in it.
In my defense, I was youngish and thought it was funny/ sticking it to the man.
I came out and told my friends, and they were like "dude, that's just fucked up." They didn't talk to me much after that.
I'm still embarrassed about it 10 years later.
TL,DR: Pissed in a dressing room, thought it was badass, Oh God Why?
I'd taking peeing on myself over pregnancy and monthly menstrual periods any day
A co-worker of mine (I'm a spoiled ) once told me that I looked preggers, but could not understand why I had gotten so upset.
Turns out that is a compliment in his culture.
this fag is correct!
don't listen to this guy, he has downs syndrome.
(been wanting to say that for an hour.
Can't blame you there lol
Some practical advice for replenishing supplies if you don't find your bag:
So far as brushes go, I think expensive brushes are incredibly overrated.
Unless you're doing super precise glazing, you can get by with incredibly cheap brushes.
, Lowell- makes (I think 12-packs of) brown nylon synthetic brushes (of the round and / or flat variety) that will run you about $14 for the lot.
They also sell three packs consisting of a 1inch, 2inch, and 3inch brush that costs about $3.
For the price, these brushes are incredible.
I used to burn through expensive brushes and these last longer and apply paint just as well.
If and when you bust them, you've lost about a dollar.
I'll pop them off myself and glue them with my own stuff before I even paint with them if I have a free day.
All of that said, DO NOT BUY THEIR BRISTLE BRUSHES.
Those are fucking garbage.
They'll go limp after one use.
But the synthetics are amazing.
paint, I'm guessing if you were carrying your stuff around in a bag you're using acrylics.
On the off chance you're using oils though, I would recommend restocking with pre-tested paints -- they're cheap, but not bottom of the barrel.
I used them all through highschool and they served me well.
You never, ever..
EVARRR do this.
With most pregnant women, it usually comes up into conversation -somehow- if they're pregnant.
That's the only time you comment on it.
Some women who have given birth already, still look very pregnant for a little while after.
Even if you've personally determined, through observation of said woman, that she is 100% pregnant you don't say anything until she 100% tells you.
You STILL paid for your stuff???
DAMN, GIRL.
You have 100% of my upvotes.
Also, don't rub the "preggo bump" unless she a) 100% tells you, and b) is 100% ok with you touching her.
GET THE FUCK...
My apologies.
I do think that the use of such words shows a weak argument.
If I could rephrase it, I would say the overwhelming majority and not "everyone".
Thanks for pointing my mistake out!
Did she hit you?
But you always click.
Way to pull a Kramer.
Better than my last TIFU.
Asked a new mother if she had lost weight.
I thought it would be funny at the time.
it wasn't...
It's not a competition, but I win.
In what?
Your van?
With candy?
When I was pregnant I had freaking strangers come up to me in public and touch my stomach without asking or even saying a word.
WTF people?
I'm not a dog, don't pet my belly.
Never congratulate a pregnant woman until you know she is pregnant and never comment on the gender of a baby unless they have a "I'm a Girl" or "I'm a Boy" sign on.
You have returned the favor because I googled the screenshot of the 4chan thread of the toad, and my throat hurts now.
That was so damn (
Always trust a man with a white van.
Agreed though, she looks like she's one of those lucky girls who are cute enough to go out without all the slap caked on.
Whyyy?
TIFU on my TIFU post
he stopped me and said it was my fault!
She has not talked to me since.
I would proceed to never talk to her again :o
Girl:
Bites dick during a blowjob
it's your fault
Well, if he doesn't report it - then in another 500 years or so they'll think it was him who painted it.
My friends that work in a bar disagree with this statement.
Lets just say, Poo-trashcan.
If your going to be shaving your baby makers, use a women's Venus razor.
The guards are a ball-saver.
Around.
I was out with my parents one night at a bar and a friend of the family came up and rubbed my belly and asked how I was progressing.
I had a fucking beer in my hand.
My dads face was kinda priceless.
The fiance and I left soon after.
ruined my night...
The ladies room is consistently more disgusting than the men's room.
Poop in the trash can is often the least of their worries.
If I could, I would give you a 1000 upvotes.
This story just made my night!
I hope your leg is feeling better!
Dam!
My mom did this a few months ago with a local librarian!
Or maybe you should get some more vitamins into your diet...perhaps stop picking your nose?
I wouldn't go back there, they might have you on camera...
not peeing, but, you know, walking out of the pee-room.
I did this once as a child.
I didn't even consider water, as I was only six or seven, and went for it.
She is bipolar, got very angry at me and made it feel like I should have known better ( I should have...
I was young, though, forgive me!) and to this day, I have never fucked up ramen before.
It's just as good as cooking it as a stove.
This is also a GREAT method for people living in dorms where they don't have a stove to cook on.
The possibilities are nearly endless with this method.
Pasta, rice, ramen, and pretty much any other "Get this shit hot, let it sit, then eat" type of food.
You'll be surprised.
You thought you could just ride out a flat tire until you got home?
Lesson learned.
Wife did this just before newyears.
Was very dramatic.
Turns out she was right though, three pregnancy tests and one doctor CAN all be wrong at the same time, and now there's a baby :P
Let's just say she's got more than a bun in the oven...
Why so many downvotes?
That was an amazing comeback.
Even I felt offended.
Saw this happen on the metro the other day - a lady offered her seat to a youngish woman gesturing to her stomach - she was not pregnant.
Her friend laughed his ass off for several minutes as the poor lady nearly died of embarrassment and ran off the train at the next stop.
dont they have video cameras in the dressing rooms?
if they do..somebody saw you.
i dont understand how this is your fault and how you effed up.
The older Cars had the gas filler behind the license plate.
If you drove off the nozzle would just pull out.
All this technology going into cars, but in this case the old ones win.
If they do that, rub their boobs / junk depending on sex.
When they disapprove, just feign surprise and tell them you thought it was some sort of new greeting that you weren't aware of since you went off .
peeking out from under a woman's skirt
Kuato, is that you?
I've had chronic nosebleeds ever since I was a baby.
It's in my genes.
haha What?
It's a funny word.
I've done this...once.
I have never asked a woman "when are you due" since then.
Sorry, I'm and I don't know as well as people on reddit do D:
Indeed.
Bet you won't make THAT mistake again.
Have to pay attention to the pin count / form factor.
This can eaaily happen with CPU's
The worst is when you miscarry and still have some of the baby weight and people are congratulating you.
Never yelled, just cried.
i think ull be fine.
Wow...over sensitive.
I suppose that does come with pregnancy though.
segregation forever...
Wh..
Makes sense, but I usually told myself that I "unliked" quickly enough before said notification was sent..
Which I know doesn't make any sense.
Indeed; it wasn't even like my friend's house is really far or anything, it's about 10-15 mins max so I decided to risk it, and failed miserably
I had to change it at 2am anyway hahahahaha
Was she?
Op will surely deliver
When my wife and I were in the maternity ward after the birth of our daughter, there was lounge right next door to our room.
I went out of our room, so a woman who looked obviously pregnant sitting there and said something like " ready for baby, eh?".
She was in to have a large tumour removed.
Shit.
Or perhaps she's content with her body and will just be annoyed that someone jumped to conclusions.
;) Though that's probably not too likely if she threw a bitch fit.
I learned the hard way that empire waist dresses can make my bit of chub look as if I may be pregnant when a lady asked me when I was due.
I just stared at her blankly until she said 'the baby?' to which I patted my stomach and said 'oh no, I just really like food!'.
Was really awkward for her, really funny for me.
Omfg, I can't believe people would do that!
Jeez, what an invasion of personal space!
you just won reddit.
your reward is that i imagined you to be ridiculously photogenic throughout that story
I've said this to a teacher before, awkward to say the least.
Go for it.
I've been told that I'm 's version of the ridiculously photogenic guy, so I'll take it!
I tried cooking scrambled eggs four 15 minutes yesterday for dinner with the stove off.
Just kept stirring away, hoping I didn't double the milk or anything.
So very glad I live alone when I do these sorts of things.
At least you didn't try serving the raw chicken to anyone, right?
Had frozen chicken wings brought to my family one time.
(Well, frozen but lukewarm as if they microwaved it for a minute and plopped them in a basket..)
Yes, they most likely have cameras just outside the dressing room and have you tagged as the culprit.
I wouldn't be going back there soon if I were you.
I'm not here to judge, but gosh it seems just so much easier to walk to the back of the store and take a piss.
shhh i dont wanna sleep on the couch lol
TIFU: a new chip for my computer.
Turns out it's a potato chip.
, I've actually done this twice before..
The mental images this is hilarious.
My friend was in Vegas last week!
Do you have anything that would allow me to work out if it's him?
I managed to ride home on a flat tire once...no damage to the tire, no damage to the rim
I always thought it was really peculiar we're thought of as the cleaner sex.
We have so much heinous stuff going on down there each month (period shits, anyone?), and have you seen the ladies bathrooms?
And I thought living with dudes was bad.
That sounds awful.
I've lived with girls who were incredibly messy, but never had to deal with anything quite like that.
I mean, at least you kept your moment of indignity outside your home.
There's something so much worse about doing that kind of thing in your own house.
keep some fix a flat in your car.
on the way she reacts to a firm kick to the stomach, I can always tell (and avoid the possible social mishap).
maybe she shouldn't have been fat
I asked my 8th grade history teacher if she was pregnant.
Turns out she just had a miscarriage and still had the baby weight.
me if I'm wrong, but isn't that the whole point of Vegas?
I came upon a woman on New Years Eve a few years back who had crashed into a telephone pole.
She was sitting there, dazed, with some blood coming out of the corner of her mouth, with an odd smile on her face (don't know why).
I called 911 and asked her how she was hurt.
I immediately wanted to say, "are you pregnant?" as she had a little girth and I thought that could be important information for the EMS.
Right then I caught myself: never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever ask that, right?
But I did go ahead and ask her, and she wasn't.
I guess she was too dazed to be insulted!
Maybe that joke is wrong.
Well, EMS came and all, I think she was OK, airbags probably made her bleed but she was "alert" (drunk) and conscious so probably was OK.
Not sure if she was traumatized by my asking her that, though...#3232;#3232;
Next time, follow it up with, "Oh, not because of your weight, I've been keeping track of your cycles.
Maybe you're just late?"
Then high-tail it out of there.
resolved.
for STUPID ASS LAME WANNABE MEME
YES need proof of how batshiat you really are please.
your not a golfer.
Did you take the post down?
If not, are you willing to post it on here?
Also, what was the advert?
Make sure you get the new tire soon.
the spare isn't made to be used for more than a few miles.
Dude, Having a chubby girl friend myself.
You never ask if a girl is prego, its like going ass to mouth, it may feel and seem right, but you just dont do it.
Why apologize for the way you feel or try to justify it to other people?
Fuck that.
It's your opinion.
In retrospect, yes, quite so.
Here's ( and the advert is embedded in it
He was probably making sure you wouldn't waste lots of company time on Reddit.
As an upstanding, hardworking, and diligent employee you have no use for Reddit and are unfamiliar with these "me - me" things.
You made the right move in your interview.
That's so shitty dude.
My microwave stinks like burnt asshole now though.
Sad thing is, is I'm 24 haha.
And that's a genius idea!
I'm going to have to try it soon!
Thanks for the link.
I don't think you came across as too strongly critical so don't worry too much about the pitchforks.
HAPPY CAKEDAY1!!
Since then I've ordered the correct RAM, but I'll remember this for as long as I live
brb calling SPCA
Where?
Oh...
my God.
That's just horrible.
I mean, at least I had a little hope of finding it.
Did you save photos or scans of any of them before it happened?
Why not just (
No worries, I understand.
learning a language is hard, I'm trying to learn German and its a pain in the ass.
You should be proud that you have learned this much already.
In high school I ran into a teacher's aide during lunch who was in one of my classes the year before.
She told me she had taken some time off and, thinking this was the cue to ask about her expanded stomach, I asked her when she was due.
The mood changed and her jaw dropped just as another T.A.
walked by and said, "She's not pregnant."
I can move mine without touching it.
It goes left and then right.
Up also, but I can't manage to move it down.
Your username is incredibly appropriate.
Hey, no problem.
Thanks for being awesome about it!
I think you posted an honest, intelligent opinion.
I don't think you fucked up at all.
I thought the ad was touching in a way, but it came across as a little too cheesy for me.
It did seem very stereotyping.
(Is that a word?)
A blogger with a different opinion than an organization?
You shouldn't feel obligated to post a clarification; what you wrote was constructive criticism.
I didn't see anything wrong with your reaction.
Who is everyone?
The 6 people who left a comment?
I'm sure there are people in the offline gay community whom share the same opinion.
gross.
that is really unprofessional
tl;dr: chose changing room over bathroom.
Shitty, small city " " sort of joint; maybe wings were a bad idea to begin with.
Well the guy I met was with about 3 or 4 other guys
No you are!
But Im still just regretting not leaving anything.
Even if I just wrote something down and he never did anything with it would have been fine
that fix-a-flat stuff gums up the inside of the tire (I have heard tire guys trash talk it).
Most of the times (at least in my experience), the leak is slow.
I keep a bicycle pump in my trunk at all times because I'm lazy.
Anyway, some fix-a-flat is okay if your tire is actually messed up and won't hold air.
not him sorry.
Think he was there alone.
Hope you find him.
I read your post.
I also find it fairly well thought out, and not overly harsh.
There are a few points in it I might debate with you, but I've never found an article that offers jumping off points for reasonable discussion a bad thing.
Haha Im not counting on it!
But thanks anyways =)
Maybe she really is pregnant but she's a slut and didn't want anyone to know.
Damn, I wish I was a woman so I could do that.
It is a horrible word.
That's not oversensitive.
That'd piss me off too.
The guy is operating under the assumption that she is pregnant and drinking anyway because she doesn't give a shit about the fetus.
That's pretty insulting.
Idk about your but the one in my town is kinda junky.
If they're all like that then they probably don't have cameras so you're good.
Can't you just return it?
never saw the movie, think I will now just because of YOU!
Upvote for you!
Man, that isn't much, just a blog, they're only strangers.
At first I thought you were straight and criticizing it, but sorry.
How the fuck is it you fault she bit your dick?
Are you blonde?
I'd hate to be that guy, but proof?
dude that sucks same thing happened to me but i got the new tire for like 5 bucks at sports chalet
bitches be bitches man.
bitches be bitches...
I don't really understand why using the military as an example is a bad idea.
Can you explain further?
For Reddit.
though, my best friend drove a .
He was the biggest asshole driver I've ever met.
I'm planning on getting an used one for cheap to have as a spare :A
no, I'm hispanic
Mhm a combination of that and myself being a cheap bastard.
Wouldn't the pump just fall out?
I mean it's not like you secure it into your gas tank while filling
Baths are worse.
They do all the above AND concentrate it into a column straight above the point of exit, which is a straight line for your nose.
When and uncleanliness combine, unpleasantness is the result.
if u look at dicks sporting goods they usally have some cheap new or used tires
R/askreddit
R/relationshipadvice
Those subreddits could probably help you better
I think your argument wasn't too bad, but I did like that commercial.
I will agree that you might have not explained your points thoroughly enough, but I got your point and think that it was a perfectly valid critique.
, for the purpose of the ad (lightening the image of gay marriage in the public eye, I assume), I think it does pretty well.
Thanks man.
This is not a fuck up that has only been happening today.
it might have alcohol in it.
hoover that shit up.
, stereotypic, something like that.
I think stereotyping only works as a gerund noun.
It effectively ignores everyone who isn't in the military (most people) and is gay.
It sort of sends an image that military people deserve to be gay because they fought for their country, whereas the targeted message is that everyone deserves that right.
I think they just used the military in it to show that gay men can be heroes too, and they can be good people like the first, "normal" guy that was greeted by his girlfriend.
um, he has said in comments above that he had no place to put them at the time.
removed.
please submit after starting the post with TIFU
Protip: It's called sex buddy.
I quite liked it to be honest, I see the points hat made but I disagree with them, interesting and insightful as they were.
I have some experience in this matter, and have been told I give good advice, if you want it.
What kind of fight?
is your best friend possibly trolling ya?
Best friend's currently living a state away.
She's coming up to her mom's house tomorrow (today..
God I hate mornings), hence my going back.
That was my first thought.
But the circumstances don't fit.
The only one who I could see who would/could have done it, is Tracy(best friend's mom)'s son.
But he's 12, and awkward.
She's texted me since then, apologizing, etc, and the style of texting fits hers.
Triple space after sentences, no punctuation.
But who knows.
I'll find out when I see her, that's for sure.
I'm sorry, it was supposed to be a slightly amusing comment but I appear to have misjudged.
Go fuck the milf.
I'll take your opinion into consideration.
We'll see how things go :P
I'd rather not, but it would be an experience.
If you do get that milf, keep it under wraps from your friend, could possibly ruin your friendship.
But then again, (you said she), you might get a mother/daughter threesome!
WICKED!!
She's technically a GILF (Best friend has twins), and my friend is black, her mom's white, I'm white..
I see potential here.
An interratial, mother/daughter threesome?
I'd watch that porn.
This reminds me of a story.
It might be a little long so I've included a tl;dr, although I think it's worth the read.
So we had a bunch of family at Valley Fair.
Me and my cousin went back to the car, getting kinda bored, and hungry.
We open up the cooler, have a bite to eat, and a drink.
I finish my whole , and realize I really have to pee.
Valley Fair parking lot is big.
I wouldn't make it.
My cousin: "Just pee in the bottle.".
Fuck it.
Peed in the bottle.
To the rim.
bottles are pretty big, considering.
It was so full, I showed my cousin.
We laugh.
It looked like a full .
Rest of the family comes back, and decides we'd hang around the trunk of the cars for a while, eat and talk.
Me and my cousin kept eyeballing eachother, and the car my piss was sitting under.
An hour and a half later, we decide it's time to go.
away Scott free!
I hear laughter behind us.
I whip around.
4 hot girls are walking towards their car.
THE car.
My piss was under that car!!
I start nudging us towards the car.
everyone to go NOW.
I was in to deep!
What could I do?
kept telling me to hold on.
Oh god.
Their engine started.
I ran to my mom's car.
Locked.
I open up my aunt's passenger door and hop in.
I close my eyes and put my hands on my head.
They start to move.
What happened next...
My aunt's will never let me live it down..
Two of my aunt's are standing between the hot chick car, and the truck.
Their faces, my aunt's truck, the inside of my aunt's truck.
I didn't get hit, even though I was in the truck.
The girls screamed out "What was that?!".
My cousin was on the ground, laughing his ass off.
My one aunt (completely oblivious) thinks one of the fell and rolled under and says "Oh, sorry.
It was one of ours.
Must've fell."
The girls leave without another word, and my aunt's proceed to clean up the inside of the truck, and wash their faces off.
The aunt who owned the truck tries wiping the inside of her windshield.
"It keeps smearing" she yells out.
I couldn't hold it in.
"It's my piss!!!"
stopped moving.
staring at me.
Their reactions were as expected, and not worth explaining.
We joked about it on the ride home, but every time it's brought up nowadays, it's met with anger, and dirty looks.
I'll never forget that.
TL;DR Peed in bottle in Valley Fair lot.
Threw it under a car.
The explosion hit my aunts truck.
Her window was open.
Lots of stares and anger
Just do it.
Life is about the adventures we undertake, not the ones we pass up.
tldr
Ah don't feel too bad.
My husband called me his ex's name when we were dating and I got over it.
Thanks man.
I laughed so hard I woke up my friend who's staying over, and he punched me in the nuts for waking him up.
"It's my piss!!!"
I can't breathe
Well, I don't know how late I am for this, but honestly, you have to take in consideration who's relationship you value more, your friend, or your friend's hot mom.
If you end up fucking the mom, just remember that it can STILL escalate from there.
DO NOT BECOME YOUR FRIEND'S FATHER.
Holy shit that would be horrible.
You're not late at all.
It's Reddit.
I don't leave for shit :P
This is what my thought process was.
She's always been a mother-figure to me.
Would you fuck your mom?
I wouldn't.
And I wouldn't want to know where that would take me..
Gross.
My friend that I talked to after this told me I should sleep with her JUST on the fact that I have potential to become her father.
What the hell, right?
Hahah This whole situation is fucked.
Was the snake ok?
if it got on fabric,boiling water takes the stain out...have fun cleaning..
valid points all around.
If it were me, I'd just accept the apologies, and maybe tell her how I felt about the situation.
In your case, just tell her that you see her as a mother-figure, and respect her as such.
even say what you just said to me, you wouldn't fuck your own mother, or mother analog.
Good luck to you man, shit like this ain't all that easy.
When it all boils down, that's probably what I'm gonna say.
It isn't.
Too wierd..
Ya know, you're a pretty classy guy.
I like you.
I'm glad to see someone has some sense about the situation.
Have an upvote, friend.
It was a lady..not sure if that's make a difference but either way it was a downer.
I grew up on a farm, and we were always feeding random strays that wandered up.
So I can see why you thought to bring the dog somewhere.
You were just trying to do the right thing!
you can get the dog back and fix the mess.
"She"?
Don't do it.
You will lose your best friend.
This is the most amazing post ever to make it to Today I Fucked Up.
was officially worth it.
the bottom line is you need to fuck your best friend's mom.
It's better to ask for forgiveness than permission.
Your welcome, and thanks.
I could tell what you really wanted, so I thought I'd enable that.
Hate to see you be reddit-pressured into a shitstorm situation and you end up losing your friend.
And don't worry, there will be other MILFs.
Just try to catch one that isn't related to someone you know.
You're logic is regrettably unfailable.
In fact, I don't really think that my grammar is so bad.
I used to talk to a lot of people and they understood me.
Since she is like a mother figure and you want to bang the daughter you simply can't do it.
Then again the chances of you banging the daughter aren't 100% like the mother so that makes things a tad more difficult.
What would you prefer?
A potential fuck or a guaranteed one with full blown cougar giving who will give you some of the best sex you'll ever have?
Gotta remember the older girls are comparable to teenage boys with their sexual appetites...
I'd go for it, but the only you can make the final decision.
If you need any more help I recommend flipping a coin because after you have picked sides you'll know which side you want it to land on before it hits the ground.
That's very true.
Reddit always wants a show :P
There indeed will be other MILF's.
It's too bad though.
She's pretty sexy for an older lady.
Plenty of MILF's in the sea.
That sounds absolutely hilarious when said out loud.
Bah.
This whole situation is awkward.
She's older than MY mom.
Well, think of it like this.
If you've attracted one MILF, who's to say you won't have a better chance than the next guy to get another?
You know what they like, and apparently, you have the looks of a MILF-Magnet.
There will be another MILF right around the corner for you.
Maybe even working the corner, if you'd rather.
At least the situation wouldn't be nearly as bad.
You're a waffle, what did you expect?
At least now you know MILFs dig waffles.
squints How do you know what I want to do to her daughter?
Edited this part out.
Don't know who's who when it comes to the Reddit game, and that would have sparked a very bad conversation between me and certain people.
That coin thing is a very smart idea.
I mean, I already knew which way I leaned, but that just kinda sets it in stone..
Never really thought of that as a technique.
update us sir
No tags?
No tags not your problem.
I don't think that I'd rather that.
But I see your point.
That was quite the confidence booster.
Hey, maybe your friend will get a new daddy.
You need to do an askreddit post.
this situation sucks, I think reddit will love this.
Do not worry.
I shall.
I see them around 5.
I'll update as soon as I'm able.
Danke OP
Post pics of those text messages.
That's basically impossible.
It's pretty difficult to take a picture of the phone with my phone, if ya get what I'm saying.
:P And I don't have a camera outside of my phone, unfortunately.
I was gonna do that before I posted, actually.
I was considering it, but I was afraid that it would get big.
And I have an incessant need to reply to ANYONE that comments on any of my stuff, regardless of what they said.
I'd be overwhelmed if they did love it, and I'd be stuck in hundreds of never ending conversations.
No problem.
Hell, I'll even send you a reply when I do update so you are informed as soon as possible.
I've seen a lot of places on the internet where people post text message threads.
There's definitely a way.
Is her daughter's name ( by any chance?
I don't have a smartphone that allows me that flexibility.
I got a lousy env3 that I've had for years.
Unless there's a way that I don't know of.
If anyone cares to enlighten me.
That would be pretty awesome.
I wish I could say yes.
...you're the kind of guy that thinks that...I'm not even going to finish this thought...you're just an idiot...
My head just exploded.
kinda.
It DOES make you a terrible best friend.
In reality your just this dude that wants her.
Not the same thing douche bag.
To be fair, I've kept that to myself since the 4th grade.
And never let it get in the way of my best friend duties.
If you bang her, that makes for a very interesting life story you can tell later on.
It would.
But..
I dunno.
That's an odd road to walk down.
And I don't want to cause tension on a 10 year relationship.
I'm going to assume you are at least 18 years old.
If not, then another issue needs to be discussed.
Not your fault, man.
I did not mention my age.
That's "19" for the curious.
I'm sorry I dishonored tifu code.
My sincerest apologies.
An upvote for honesty!
I didn't feel it was my fault.
I didn't really do anything to "stop" it, I guess.
Of?
I don't have pics of my friend or her mom.
I could get them later, but I don't feel comfortable exposing them without their permission.
nigga you beta as FUCK aren't you?
Uh...
You don't know how happy that makes me.
Hahah.
The opposite of Alpha male.
In modern society an Alpha male not only requires physical prowess, but also confidence and attitude.
The Beta male of modern society usually, only has one of these traits, if any.
The Beta male tends to be smart, quiet and unconfrontational.
If lucky, beta males can get a hot chick once in her 30's, after she's tired of fucking the Alpha Males, and decides to settle down with a beta male for money and stability.
Alpha Males get everything, Beta Males get the left overs.
It's a little thing called "Life"...
A beta male is a male who buys into the feminist lie that men should be subservient to women.
He believes that being submissive to a woman, caring, and gentle, will result in her returning his affection.
He believes that he must buy women things in order to garner their attention.
He does not understand that women desire confidence and willpower in a man.
example: Pete was a beta male because he bought the girl he just met at the bar a drink, making his subservience to her clear.
He won't be getting laid tonight.
Incest :/
That comeback was a far cry from epic.
That's quite possibly, roughly 75% correct.
Is there a middle ground to this?
Eh.
Shit happens.
I'm happy where I am.
Don't do it.
You mentioned her relationship is failing?
She's honestly just looking to fuck the first person she knows personally who will.
She will regret it and things will be awkward in the future.
are some crazy shit.
Pretty much.
Well, it's not like they are having sex.
It's just they're both having sex with me..
It's incest.
Yeah, I know.
you and me, don't be telling no one now..
But this isn't the first time.
She's actually quite like that.
Every time the relationship slips, even just a little..
sigh I hate that attitude.
Just tell her that you think she's a fantastic woman, but you couldn't violate your friendship with her daughter by doing something like that.
as long as your happy I guess.
It's not even remotely close to happening.
YES folks.
Calm down!
It's not happening!
I wouldn't even if the situation was opportune.
It'd just be awkward.
It's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission.
You like what you like, it sounds subjective, stick to your guns unless someone has a very convincing argument.
In all honesty, if it gets brought up today, I'm going to be saying something along these lines.
I don't plan on taking this opportunity anywhere.
Least ways, not anywhere Reddit would like to see me go :P
That is absolutely wonderful!
Your sister sounds kinda mean, however I did appreciate all the pictures you used in your story.
I am a visual learner.
Why did you have knee surgery?
, forever.
Then maybe you should make a new fucking name, retard.
Heh heh.
I don't know if wonderful would be the word I'd use to describe it.
Hahah.
It's overwhelming.
I went to the bathroom for two seconds, and I had 12 messages.
It's crazy.
My fingers haven't left the keyboard.
And I really need a smoke damnit Haha.
Good, it's the right decision man.
I think someone needs to go back to 4chan...
given the circumstances.
If I wasn't as close to her as I am, or her daughter wasn't my best friend, the answer would be simple.
But, given everything...
You could also tell her it would be like having sex with your mother, would toast all future chances of this happening but may offend her.
I kinda wanna do this, just to see the reaction.
I won't.
But I'd like to.
I just meant everyone in that the ad has been all over the gay blogs (and reddit actually) and thus far mine is the only post I've seen that isn't gushing over how awesome it is.
go for it!
If you and your best friend ever get to fight...
you could be like "Oh yeah?
Well I m fucking your mom!
she squeals like a bitch when I do her!"
wait until your friendship is over
and THEN bang her.
YOU WIN!
I don't think I've had a situation like that yet.
My one success was a link and you don't get orangereds for a link.
Yea it's just a few words here and there that betray you.
In the title for example the word is "bent" not "bended".
Also, its "to not miss" instead of "to don't miss"
To be fair, I've also been getting a lot of comments from .
That's attributed to a lot of it.
Maybe I know you in person?
Then again I could be stalking you on reddit.
its none of those things so I can't freak you out too much.
All I did was read the comments before posting my reply and saw you say GILF a couple of times.
The coin flip never fails.
Trust in it and you shall instantly know what you truly want.
She's married, relatively happily but her husbands away a lot but of course I say no, I'm very flattered and she's a very attractive woman but she reminds me of my aunt.
She was a little offended but since then things have been great between us, no sexual tension what so ever.
Truth be told I could have slept with both of them but I politely declined.
That goddamned radio noise!
I knew I wasn't the only one!
I appreciate your honesty.
In fact, here's an upvote click and I now have you tagged as a Pretty Honest Person.
P.H.P.
It's like NPH but not as cool.
Heh heh.
I'm definitely gonna use that coin flip when counselling others.
Pretty effective.
I agree with your decision.
One she's married.
I find it morally wrong to get involved with an already involved person.
Two, that would have been an awkward first.
picturing a relative.
random question: Do you, you personally, pronounce "aunt" ANT or AWNT?
Dear penthouse forum...
I had actually gotten myself into a similarely sticky situation a few years back.
Except she wasnt good looking, and married.
Her son would have also kicked my ass.
I walked on eggshells in that household considering the husband works shift work and is regularly away for a few weeks at a time.
You're not a jerk man, love does crazy things to us at the best of times, I can't imagine what it must be like under heavy intoxication.
I say apologize to Chris, and again to her, take her out somewhere special by way of an apology, if you don't picnic often I say do that, something out of the ordinary.
You're not a jerk man, you just freaked out while drunk, it was a completely understandable reaction.
Also be prepared to lose her, sometimes things just don't work out man.
Or see if you can get a threesome.
Umm, more like Arnt?
I'm so...
And yep, getting involved with someone who's involved just ends up with all three of you getting hurt.
It's terrible.
Got 99 problems but a tag ain't one.
HIT ME
When people did that to me during my two pregnancies I would put my hand on their belly.
I got a weird look but would say to them, "yeah, that feels pretty awkward doesn't it?
Now kindly get your hands off of me, I don't know you."
Also I should note that you should dye the dogs hair the same colour as yours and the dogs fur gets your hair colour.
And both you and the dog are wearing spacesuits.
Orange spacesuits.
Thank you very much.
you hate names?
maybe you need to have less significant others.
you don't sound like a slut at all
The only people who talk about "alphas" and how to be one are (in the terms they use) betas and omegas.
Also, the world is full of pricks who think that they can subdivide half of the population into two types and that they're automatically in the "preferable" one.
Pay no heed to this guy's posts, he has no idea what he's talking about.
P.S.
gt;you're
EDIT: The reason "beta"s pass on their genes is that Alphas went lion hunting and the betas comforted the widows.
Maybe you guys are cylons?
No, haha.
I hear it, too.
: Meet the neighbors.
You're a good man.
sounds like some beta-ass bullshit to me
and trolls.
You forgot about trolls.
implying that this human social hierarchy isn't a ridiculous construct created by ignorant sorority/fraternity fuckheads
Sooo what your saying is that to be alpha you don't talk about how to be alpha?
By your logic that would make you pretty fucking beta.
And anyway it would seem to me that omega would be the way to go anyway.
fuck her, definitely, just do it!
I just mean what I said in a mocking manner to that mindset in its own terms; I don't buy into any of that alpha garbage.
You could be labeled an "omega" by that system and still be aggressive, driven, and opportunistic.
Sure, you might not get a supermodel if you yourself are not equally attractive, but you can sure get someone at the top end of what is possible.
Same with anything else; leverage what you have to get the best possible for your situation
Your.
...you can shove your attempt at a profound response up your pee hole...
it's not profound, it's just truth
whatever it is, put it in your pee hole
Do it, dude.
Do it for me.
You have to.
Just found out the friend is a female.
Yeah, don't do it.
Had to ask...
Did you send her a pic of yourself?
gotta love pics.
That, and we definitely have nicer asses than Alphas.
That's a malicious, bitchy move.
There ya go..
We were video chatting so she saw me
as a straight man who is a big supporter of gay rights, I completely agree with everything you said.
Fuck anybody who wants to criticize you for speaking your mind.
My first thought when the ad ended was "what about women?".
You need to to back and get him before they "uncruelly" put him down.
How does someone fail to realize they aren't wearing their contacts?
You should be able to tell if your vision is being corrected or not.
I did it out of habit.
I was sleepy, too
you deserve all the upvotes
but how could you fail to realize your vision wasn't being corrected?
I was really close to the mirror, at which point my corrected and normal vision appear the same
My freshman english teacher broke her hip because she tried not to step on her cat that was scuttering by.
It seems i have entered the universe where real life imitates porn
in thread so I remember to check back for the update.
I used to avoid my cats but now I will just full on kick them if they don't move.
They should know better at this point.
"And here's to you, Mrs , Jesus loves you more than you will know...
oh-oh-oh..."
Am I correct in assuming you're Latina?
If he's posting this in TIFU, then he's already realized his mistake.
When I was a kid, we had a hillbilly dispute with our next door neighbors.
We also had three cats, one of which would regularly shuck his collar while outdoors.
We were getting ready to move when he just up and disappeared.
A week went bye and we couldn't find him, so we figured he'd been hit by a car or something, and was probably gone for good.
Then one morning he shows up on our porch, skinny as hell.
And with a new collar on.
It turns out our neighbors called animal control and had him collected; with no collar, he went to the shelter.
And was adopted.
The new collar had an address; it was in town about ten miles away.
We figured he must of just ran off the the first time the let him out, and that goddamn feline found his way home.
Didn't really believe shit like that would happen.
Then, three days later, a few days before we moved, he got ran over by car.
He survived, but, and this is really, really sad...
he'd get lost a block from home.
He'd follow you down the street, stop, turn out, then just cry.
Poor baby.
That's not how you spell control...
No, what?
Please tell me.
d'awwwh.
What the fuck did I just read?
hits
bad dog.
Please get a pic of her ASAP, I will then tell you what you should do..
haha :p
Simon
Just thought I'd check.
Latina girls are my weakness so I got kind of excited when I saw your username, lol.
Shit happens when you're drunk.
Beer under the bridge.
Wine?
I am baffled.
I'm gonna have to agree.
How about doing a little spinaroo for me?
Has your neighbor gotten his dog back?
When I was a little kid, I would always have to go out shopping with my mom.
Since I wasn't really old enough to wait for her outside the bathroom by myself, I had to go in with her and just stand in the corner while she went.
To this day, I can remember how awful it smelled in there.
Could you tell us what else she did?
username is too relevant.
Edit: My god that's funny!
He won't be put down where I live.
If he isn't claimed, he will be put up for adoption, either with the SPCA or a private dog adoption place.
We have lots here.
I don't know.
I haven't heard him barking/playing tonight at all.
Since he jumped a 6 foot fence, they may be keeping him in until they figure a way to keep him in the yard, or keeping him inside for the extra love.
I've walked up to an ATM and found a guy's card with a still active transaction.
I'd seen him walking away as I approached the ATM from the other direction and I had to run a block and a half to catch up with him and give him his ATM card.
I was unemployed at the time but never considered doing anything else.
It was good karma.
Quite a lot of mature language for a fourteen year old, but I feel better about my day of sleeping in now.
I just get really emotional with my writing, and it was a terrible time.
UGH, you know what I just noticed?
I was planning on posting this at around eight o'clock today!
(eastern time)
My life...
just...
dammit...
At least post a picture of the triple stream!
Did she tell you what was it that made her attracted to you?
Did you ever ask her what were her thoughts on you and her having a sexual relationship?
The repercussions it could possibly have?
Good Lord, I used to forget my keys often when I went to school.
Came back home, no one there for three or four hours.
, we have a wooden "detached house" (that what the dictionary tells me it's called in ), whose door gave way quite easily.
Got the wireless from the main house too, and there was electric heating!
Of course, that was before I found out that our back door ALSO gives way quite easily.
Now I sleep with one eye open and a kitchen knife on the night table.
You had one job.
That's good.
I hate how they say "Humane " when after three days, it's...well, you know.
Where are you?
My wife, who worked as a picture framer for 16 years, chimed in and might have some conservators who could help out.
(, you guys might not make a profit on this frame job, but at least it might be saveable.)
Isn't POTATOINMYANUS a girl #3232;#3232;?
Edit: Not sure what just happened to my disapproving smilie's face, but it's somehow strangely appropriate.
Didn't mean for it to look like it had just suffered a stroke, but that still works...
Edit v 2.0: I'm drunk.
Must really get off Reddit while I still can...
i have a friend who's adopted.
I keep making adopted jokes then awkwardly drifting off mid sentence x] I guess he's used to it though :p
But wait a minute: you say "will", as in, this is not yet worked out.
Do you mean that he's lost in the SPCA.
I was expecting you to say, "he wouldn't have been", but now I'm getting the idea that once he was taken there, he's been lost in the SPCA system somehow.
Your asshole became loose with the feeling of bliss?
I think 'shed' or 'summer house' are what you're looking for.
Yours didnt?
We used to split a Hide-A-Key for re-entry to the house after school.
, a younger sibling would carry this key into the house and lock it inside.
outside your own door for hours upon hours knowing that the sweet salvation of a fluffy mattress lay mere feet away almost killed me (in a hyperbolic sense).
Not jolly?
Weird.
I wonder what she named it.
I've done that too.
upgrading the RAM in my iMac is a magnitude more expensive than the laptop RAM I mistakenly purchased.
Fuuu
...of all things, why were you observing your nutsack...?
sudo rm -rf / is a bitch, ain't it?
He's a guy, we must do that.
You just don't understand how amazing the small influx of heat that shot out of the crack of the doors barely opening felt like on my body.
I was at peace for a split second, causing my anus to relax in sync with the rest of my body.
I was freakishly cold, and wanted to see how my three brothers were holding up.
They looked as scared as I was.
9:30 is considered sleeping in?
Hell, if I don't work I'm lucky to get my ass outta bed before noon!
Who says you can't be blonde of you're hispanic?
nature..
Your sister sounds sorta like a bitch
Mad?
An art major goes to live in his parents' basement after college...
seems pretty cliche.
Kinda funny that he won't say...
Hey, HB.
This is really late, sorry.
But I updated.
Not a whole lot to know.
Just apologies and trying to just forget about it.
I updated.
Not anything crazy.
But updated nonetheless.
You're a great man.
Not just for taking the high road and not sleeping with her, but also for taking the time to tell me you had updated.
She didn't say.
But I can tell you right here, that it was because her boyfriend's not very...
She's done this multiple times throughout the years, with others.
So I don't really feel too special :P
About repercussions, yes.
I brought up my friend, and she said that she didn't want to ruin my and her daughters friendship and get in the way of it (which it most likely wouldn't.
It would just make things awkard.).
The thing is, is she's already in a relationship.
I could not even predict what he would do.
He's an aggressive drunk.
That was a twist I was not expecting...
...Link?
Thanks for the laugh.
From the back:
db
I felt bad for you until you called your mom a bitch, now I just think you probably deserved all you got for being a snot-nosed, idiot, dumbass.
Mmmm.
That's good.
Now triforce for daddy.
do it.
I dont think that swallowing mucus from a runny nose will get you sick.
Also if something like this happens again the quickest way into a house is through the windows.
Not smashing them but taking the screen out and sliding it open.
I tried looking for ways through the windows, believe me, but they can't be opened from the outside.
I believe s/he was.
I ran over it towards the tail end, so I probably broke some of its tiny bones, but it quickly squirmed off of the trail and disappeared.
They're beautiful animals, but I have such a deep-rooted fear of them that I wasn't about to go back and check on it.
life goes on
I wish there was a 'This Week I Fucked Up' subreddit, because that was just part of a larger week where I fucked up.
Just happened to be the highlight.
We really need to see the email I think.
You might be a crazy bitch...
Hate when that happens...
Unless I'm a lesbian...?
it open also kinda means it has to be unlocked.
Im aware of that but in OP's post he doesnt mention checking any windows.
how often is a windows locked if its on the second floor of a house in what I interpret as either a rural community or on a farm.
I really hope that someone did something wonderful for that random stranger that day.
better than random acts of kindness.
And how do you suppose a locked out, unprepared 14 year old get to a second story window?
While freezing his balls into raisins, also.
EDIT: And the family probably locks the windows after closing them, I always do.
What reason does it serve to have a closed window unlocked?
I do too.
I was just sitting there and he pulled in and tried to help.
I just hope he was able to accept the help...
tell us!
I want to know, as well!
guys, calm down.
When me and my buddy were 10 and locked out of his house we grabbed anything we could find to make a tower, as unsafe as it was we still made it in the house.
All you need is creative thinking.
You're always welcome to post day-by-day updates and continuations.
I don't know, but I have the strangest party boner right now.
Prison-Style.
Can i presume that you're a woman?
My dad had a double knee replacement at 40.
She is, but she's still my sister.
When you're caught cheating, you have two options: tell the truth, or lie.
You chose the wiser, cleaner option.
So, feel better knowing that.
Going forward, don't do it again.
a look at other people's papers is risky -- you can get caught red-handed, or the work you copied may be flat out wrong.
It was a dumb move, so own it, and move on.
Your parents may never find out.
, they'll find out far from now, when this will just be a funny little story -- funny, because you never did anything like this again.
You know your parents better than the people here do.
, if you're thinking about coming clean, remember to consider whether you're doing it for them, or if you're just trying to make yourself feel better.
Thanks for the detailed answer!
The point about owning up to it and moving on is exactly what I need to do.
I forgot to mention that conferences are coming up on May 10.
My parents don't know about them yet and I don't plan on telling them about it.
If they do find out though and go I'm sure my teacher will say something to them and they will know.
How should I confront them about this?
That's pretty crappy.
You're a piece of work buddy.
up is not gender discriminatory
Before I answer your question: , I'd let them be blissfully ignorant, if possible.
on your relationship with the teacher, you could ask if he'll be discussing the incident with your parents at conferences.
If no, move on.
If yes, get to confessing.
To answer your question: be upfront, be honest, be mature, and prepared for the backlash.
You already got 0 on your test -- a point which might get you out of any further punishment.
Again, you know them better than me.
All you can do is not do it again.
yikes, that sucks.
You might want to see a health professional for a look.
you might have damaged something important in this.
(acetaminophen) can fuck up your liver in large doses, it would have would have been worse to take a bunch of those with alcohol.
Lucky.
A gallon of apple pie?
Sounds like a wild night.
oh hell, i thought it was just me...that's not too bad girl, don't make it a habit!
I wish there was a way to get folks to understand this.
I've had this conversation with so many people!
It's like they can't get past the over-the-counter = safe illusion, and too much acetaminophen can be a very bad scene.
I know, I've known several people who have had various stages of liver failure from being dumb and taking too much
the double-whammy of alcohol and tylenol puts you at a big risk for liver damage
, man.
They sell lactose-free milk so you wouldn't have to go through stuff like this (dunno if they have lactose-free ice cream, though - never checked).
the key to everything, is moderation.
that being said, just learn from your mistakes..
life goes on!
If I had a nickel for every night I made an ass of myself, I'd be able to pay that twatwaffle Sallie Mae off all in change.
I want to hear more about this anal sex.
Jesus, and I thought I was a fucking mess.
Got Drunk, Fell Down - Today
"Do not feed or molest alligators" is what the sign reads, just outside my townhouse.
Has anyone ever molested a gator?
And lived to tell about it?
So, the meeting, next dummy says, "Damn, how'd that happen?"
He replied, "Holy heck!" in his best redneck tone and tenor.
So, my new collaborator says, "Can you believe the butt stock of an AK-47 made him more attractive?"
Next, a woman showed up knowing the real story of my busted beak, but the three of us told him a grand tale of how dangerous our streets are.
He says, "A guy hit you in the nose with an AK-47 here in this tiny town?"
"No, it was a woman who hit me.
And an old one at that.
She must have been in her eighty's?
Right (getting the confirmation of my lying cohorts - supporting cast with affirmative gestures).
We were all there at the bank robbery..."
He swore up and down that he just watched the news in our little town and heard nothing.
But, we were emphatic.
He went to his truck to turned on the news.
When he didn't hear anything, he called information for the number to call the local AM News .
That's when we all questioned our logic.
I'm an idiot, but apparently not that dumb.
"What", I said.
"What happened to your nose?"
Don't call the cops, FBI, or news stations you frigging douche bag I just: Got drunk, fell down, THAT'S IT!"
Be happier, life is good :)
But people scramble to come help me when I pop my hood to let my radiator cool.
My guy friends say it doesn't happen for them
Damn, fool!
That's good that it's ok.
I understand your fear of snakes.
, I have a fear of dead goldfish.
You could have bought fake urine at any head shop.
I want to be your friend, you seem like fun!
Let's get drunk and see how much I can make you bleed and hate yourself :D
This is on its way to () right now.
serves u right for doing drugs!!!
there's also detox drinks, buddy.
next time!
Upvote for using my favorite word, twatwaffle
A machet is not supposed to be a machete, a machet is a man-hatchet.
wrap your head around that.
sarcasm people.
take it easy
I'm pretty sure where I am 8.50 is minimum wage.
haha i wish, i'm like the only person on reddit who doesn't do cannabis!
how the heck does this only have seven upvotes?
best story ever!
Missed , yeah?
Why don't you clear up your system and go back and put that promotion on hold rather than just give it up.
Also, kudos if you can start your life on only so much, keep working hard man.
This kind of shit is why I decided once and for all to quit binge drinking.
What about ibuprofen?
Where can you live off of 8.50 an hour?
Even with anal...
The UK?
I know it's easy to hide behind the anonymity that the internet provides, but it's obvious that you need help.
It's sad that it's come to this.
Would you like to talk about it?
Do we need to call someone for you?
My hands were shaking when I clicked unsubscribe but I think it's just going to be one day at a time.
I appreciate your sentiment, it's people like you that make this website great.
If its any consolation I read 75 PERCENT promotion and when I realised it got slightly less bad
Let's be honest...
This sub is awful.
I thought it would be funny too but its not about fucking up its about failing
If he woke up today he wont be too bad.
As far as this goes I think he just pretty much roofied himself.
It happens occasionally to people who have a prescription for benzos.
It wont hurt you unless you stop breathing.
Is it too late to accept?
You can go to any GNC and get products to clean your piss.
$.75 an hour makes that big of a difference?
Lay off the expensive substances that allow you to cope with living at home, and you won't have to live at home.
Same here.
Haha I read the hungry dorm drunk one too.
Couldn't get through it.
Better luck next time.
I've heard it can cause similar but less serious damage with alcohol as well
I know I could have just googled that but I never seem to be able to get a straight answer.
Oh you probably didn't read all of the comments, I unsubbed too.
Great success.
Are you sure?
I had to pee in front of someone for a job at Best Buy.
That was like 05/06
The ghetto.
A guarantee of 35 hours a week would make it easier I'm assuming.
It's tough when you're part time and not guaranteed anything.
Yeah, I've quit and am now detoxing.
One of the other key carriers are looking for a job right now so all I have to do is wait for the next opportunity.
Too bad you didn't have 's detoxing tea on hand.
Yeah, I would have been tested way too quickly to pass anyway.
I don't believe there's any type of context for this comment.
I blame the mods.
I pity the fool who had the job of watching people pee.
i pity the fool
If you whine enough, surely the world will eventually see the error of its ways and improve itself in order to conform to your high standards.
passing a drug test for a company is pretty easy.
Go out and pick up the following: a pair of compression shorts (like ( a 3.5oz Purez (or similar) bottle, some hand warmers, and a friend with clean piss / good aim.
Empty / dishwash purex bottle, and have friend piss into it.
Toss it in the freezer to store overnight.
The morning of the drug test, throw on the compression shorts instead of boxers (boxer briefs, whatever.)
Toss the piss bottle, and the UNOPENED hand warmers in the pouch normally reserved for a nut cup.
Go to work.
About an hour and a half before the drug test, head to a bathroom stall, open up the handwarmers, and toss them in the nut pouch.
fo reals, all you need to do is pull the purex bottle out, and pour it in the cup.
I figured the people running the drug tests would prefer if I left the door open when they made me piss, but nope.
They told me to close the bathroom door.
So for future reference, where there's a will, theres a way.
Nicole cant rap.
Can anyone explain what happened here!?
You're completely right.
My standards are entirely too high.
I was expecting quirky "moments where we do something ridiculously stupid" but I should've been expecting sad glimpses into the lives of the chemically dependent.
people's subconscious gets through.
It is alright.
At least now you are aware of it!
I'll take that as a yes.
help from strangers can be rather gender discriminatory and the general ditzy nature of the post.
Not a woman.
Not a ridiculously photogenic guy either.
Just some poor sap who had the worst week ever.
I should update it to include everything else that had happened.
It was a truly interesting week.
See, now i think you're just lying to me.
Edit: Don't think this anymore.
There is also a difference between a knowledgeable person, and you.
are you in the USA?
IF not that is illegal in some countries like Canada.
Why didn't you try using a cleanser?
Do you work at a Jiffy Lube type place, because you sound like.
don't wear.
u can live on 8.50, don't think $8.50
waiting for opportunity is illegal in Canada?
It only took him a week!
What a zinger, everybody!
What happened here...
did they want you to take a piss test on the spot?
get road side assistance added to your insurance.
it doesnt cost that much.
when shit like this happens, you wont run into this calamity again.
Yeah, I just dont know how to go about it!
You know that stuff about "dick" and "crazy"?
This is the "crazy".
Get yourself in order.
You clearly have issues that you need to deal with, and probably need help to get there.
No, being fired for having THC in his system.
$8.50 is minimum wage...
hahaha.
but seriously, this is actually pretty low on the crazy totem pole.
That is crazy.
You agree with me, so you insult me to tell me that?
I don't see why there is a need to judge me.
I've done my homework, if molecules didn't wear and burn (burning being the topic of interest in this situation), you would never need to change your oil.
When people talk about oil "breaking down" that is a simplified form of what is really going on for the un-mechanically inclined.
["In the case of oil oxidation, the reaction results in the sequential addition of oxygen
to the base oil molecules, to form a number of different chemicals species, including
aldehydes, ketones, hydroperoxides and carboxylic acids.
The rate at which base oil molecules react with oxygen depends on a number of
factors.
the most critical is temperature..."](
You can take the contaminents out of the oil, but you would need to chemically alter the used oil to make it lubricate the same as if it was new.
Do you have any suggestions about how to improve it?
Or are you satisfied with just complaining?
Yup.
They messaged me.
No offense but so is thinking "Hmm.
I am on medication, haven't eaten much today, and will now drink some alcohol very quickly.
Dead goldfish, eh?
That's one I haven't heard yet.
The sad thing is that I take myself to be pretty big on wildlife preservation and on biology, and I can't even stand to be near a snake that's bigger than my hand.
Not sure why because I think they're really awesome creatures.
How is it legal to paid that little?
where I'm from it's illegal to pay even 13 yearolds this little.
Sounds like you were quite the shit show.
, I get bloody noses all the time and drink way too much so this sounds like an average thirsty .
You will get over it.
Shove a tampon up there next time.
(your nose silly)
but like if the bottle were to say, spill you would have your mates piss on your dick, that shits nasty dawg
don't wear.
They either are or they aren't.
9th grade chemistry.
Yes, the long oil chains can be broken down, but they aren't worn at the molecular level, they are broken or not.
Your terminology made you sound like the Jiffy Lube guys, which is my point.
I agree that oil breaks down.
You might even say that oil experiences wear, but that is as a whole, from molecular chains breaking, etc.
If you're insulted it must be true?
I work part time for $7.25...
where is this illegal so I can move there.
That sucks dude.
TIFU I wrote a TIFU, but in reality I didn't fuck up.
And by saying I fucked up, I actually fucked up.
so dont get kicked in the nuts that day!
, Canada
$10.25 is adult minimum wage and $9.60 for students (under 18 years old and up to 28 hours per week)
You think this is bad, you should see the other guy.
And this is a friend of yours?
maybe not anymore)
RES tagged: sucks at choosing friends.
Your day is going to get slightly better when my story one-ups yours.
In my fraternity, there's a quiet-ish dude and a butt-ugly, racist, rail-thin idiot with a complex.
The friendly mentions to a girl in our common room that he doesn't like it when people call him by the racial slur "flip", and he lets only a few people call him that.
Skinny idiot happens to pass by and overhears this.
I imagine he was wetting his pants in excitement over the wealth of future opportunities to demean the friendly .
Over the course of the week, skinny idiot drops the f-bomb to the friendly five or six times, and each the friendly warns him to shut up or things may get physical in the future.
is a parents and alumni event day.
Skinny idiot and his parents are chatting with the alumni advisor in the common room.
walks into the room and sits down to watch TV.
Skinny idiot's dad has to pull friendly off of him.
Skinny idiot gets super pissed and storms upstairs holding the remains of his glasses in one hand.
When he rounds the corner and goes halfway up the stairwell, he socks the cork board we have set up for chores.
This breaks his hand.
Let me reiterate: he punches a cork board and breaks his hand.
ends up feeling really bad about it, but everyone else shakes his hand and thanks him because nobody likes skinny idiot.
The punishment: friendly has to cover the cost of skinny idiot's new glasses and publicly apologize to the chapter.
We end up kicking skinny idiot out within the semester because he won't stop being an insufferable dumbass, and friendly gets an executive board position.
tl;dr - Racist skinny idiot is racist one too many times and gets beaten up by the house's quiet kid in front of skinny idiot's parents.
later, "I Fought The Wall (And The Wall Won)" becomes skinny idiot's new theme song as he breaks his hand punching a cork board in anger.
I bet that corkboard was pissed.
it's 7.25 here.
It wouldn't work in time.
I guess there is nothing good to say this time...
EDIT: How about "That was a Shitty day!" That also was a crap joke :/
You know what, a lot of us have been in this situation before.
Myself recently.
It was the night before/morning of easter.
Too drunk, wound up physically injured myself and had a scare in getting home, to keep the story short.
No physical hangover the next day but definitely a psychological hangover, the type that can trigger some changes.
Really fucking embarrassed about the whole situation as well.
It's here that I decided to give up hard liquor, because I can't handle it.
I told some friends about this, and like good friends do they responded with their own fuck ups.
You have a laugh, consider yourself lucky and maybe share what changes you made/should make so you don't find yourself in the same situation.
I hope you are able to do something similar.
Dude, these are the states.
Unless you're getting your butt tongued by a choirboy, you can get fired for anything.
Was this any chance in Ohio?
This made me angry.
I'm not going to express the anger, just report it to you.
In other words, no insults, no disparraging remarks.
Just: it made me angry.
Why do you want to party like that?
Maybe you aren't having as good a time as you think so you are piling on these things to make up for it.
But whatever the reason, and without knowing you at all, I felt a certain sadness thinking that you could die.
I think that made me angry.
I think I don't know you but still find this compelling, let me say.
Please just stop this stuff.
Can you read?
They were in the same frat.
"Skinny idiot" does not sound like an endearing term to me.
So meta.
...replying to wrong person?
Or perhaps you thought I was replying to ?
(I wasn't)
Haha, this happened to a friend of mine, a rather skinny black kid who tried to punch my asian friend in the face, and broke his hand.
In that situation, I totally would have just replied, "Six weeks!!!" And went my merry way.
Hah, never said I was insulted, and no its not true, never worked in Jiffy Lube and I actually know what I'm talking about.
Come to think of it we used to fix Jiffy Lubes screw ups at least 2 times a year.
I just don't know why you felt that the insult was necessary.
If anything you just nullified your own argument based on ad hominem.
oh, go on craigslist I guess.
I have no idea if he'd see it, but they have a missed connections page.
me of these lyrics.
period shits?
OMFG TIL I need to jab my eyes out and puncture my eardrums so I never relearn of such a thing again.
I've actually done it several times.
It's not the best idea but if you are stuck with no way home, options can be limited.
most times it was fine, other times I destroyed the tire.
The rim was always fine.
I guess in that sense I was fairly lucky.
I was sure to drive at a very low speed.
props for having morals
This is the type of thing that would totally happen to me.
Don't feel bad, it's probably how your brain dealt with the stress of loss.
It's not like you were laughing all sinister like magneto or something.
Idk why, but I so read that as "cock board"
Oh good, I wasn't the only one.
I'm sorry, this is all I could picture.
liver melting
liver!
This is what the internet does to you
Oh, I didn't know that.
I've done something like that.
I was in a bad spot in high school; depression, anxiety etc.
One day, my brother got home and started arguing.
I got angry and broke my hand.
He is a friend but sometimes he needs to learn his place and he sadly only understands violence when he is like that.
It wasn't just a minorly shitty day, it was actually rock bottom in a depression cycle.
The next morning when I woke up I was able to be take a look and be like "what the fuck?
ok, you don't have that much time left here, you can do this.
make an appointment with counselling services because this isn't healthy behavior.
You will be fine, you will get a job when you graduate in 4 weeks."
I also go to a high stress, high pressure, high strung institution of higher learning.
I'm also in a single sex dorm so running around without a shirt on, or without pants on isn't that uncommon.
she will get over it.
or go back to mexico.
Thank you so much for you help, but I did actually report it and we sent it to a restoration expert.
In the museum where I work we have a small budget set aside for damages, and I offered a month's salary to help pay for it (which they denied since it was just an accident).
I hope they can save it, it was one of greatest works...
Serves him right, nerdy racist prick seems like a massive faggot.
I'm a skinny idiot and I don't think that's mean.
Kid deserved it.
You need a .22, or at least get a decent pellet rifle.
5 ft/lbs terminal (not muzzle) energy is generally considered the bare minimum for rabbit-size game huntin'.
Sucks to watch an animal die in unnecessary pain.
Here's a calculator if you want to figure out your ballistics:
It's not an ideal hunting weapon, stick to shooting paper with it.
Shoot responsibly, hunt ethically.
No, he is.
He also thinks he can attract women solely with the guitar.
Like, literally, I think his brain goes "i own a guitar im gonna fuck some vaginas".
: he has to play it well.
It took me 8 minutes to realize he was playing "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida".
His parents are wealthy somehow and they buy him a new guitar every and birthday, yet he's still fucking terrible at it.
I always feel the need to contact to see if he holds the record for number of guitars to talent ratio.
Last year I fucked up when I was using a garden hoe to fix the landscaping and all of a sudden blood flies everywhere.
Turns out I hit a poor little gopher straight in the head.
It went all the way through and his guts were all stuck to the hoe...
RIP lil' gopher fella
I feel sorry for friendly guy, and pretty much everyone else who knows this kid.
Mother f#cking son of a b#tch!
What are wrong with you redditors?
Do you all want to have sex with your mothers?!?
Props to imawaffle for having good ethics...
Yeah, you have a right to fear them.
They are definitely deadly creatures.
Also, about my dead goldfish phobia, I had a dream about walking through a pile of dead goldfish when I was little.
I've also seen a few mutilated dead goldfish :L
Good luck, and let me know how it goes.
I'm just gonna throw this out there and say that you kinda sorta fucked up.
Bella?
are you the radioactive boy scout?
yeah like right now I'm like tripping balls and my head hurts like a muther fucker.
I can't sleep either...
Don't do drugs, mmkay.
Drugs are bad.
I hate myself for 'wasting' the day, but I love my weekend catch up on sleep.
doctor?
You generally don't want to mix alcohol and any kind of pain killers.
thins your blood, as alcohol does, so you wind up compounding the effect.
is just plain bad for you.
It's not a very effective painkiller, period.
What's really shitty is that drug manufacturers put it in prescription narcotics like hydrocodone and oxycodone to "prevent abuse".
Most druggies will know how to separate the narcotics from the acetaminophen, but regular Joe who needs his pain meds for his back spasms winds up slowly killing himself.
It's fucked up.
nah man, treat it like a crazy trip and move on.
unless you die.
I wouldn't worry too much OP, we can spin this so it's her fault: she cared so much about the competition, but didn't make sure her paper was flawless?
But this creates a weird situation because she wouldn't say that about herself, so the people running the show will wonder what's going on.
Hal , is that you?
You should either get your ass to a doctor, or spend the next day in the company of someone who can keep an eye on you and knows why and can relay that to a doctor.
If you pass out or get sick enough while alone you'll be fucked.
Mold is serious stuff.
I will not delete this comment despite the bad karma, fuck drug users!
(legal pharmaceutical drugs, alcohol and caffeine excluded, but not tobacco)
lol reminds me once of when I felt a tingling on the back of my knee in bed one night.
I kept scrambling to stand up, but I ended up falling to my knees and against the wall.
I first read this as "rabbi" and was a little horrified.
I once hit my knee against the corner of the door.
So I was in the bathroom masturbating.
But there's no toilet paper, and I live in a household where masturbation is frowned upon (to say the least).
So, for whatever reason, I sprint as fast as possible from the bathroom to my room, butt naked, and covered in jizz.
But I slammed my knee on the doorway, hard enough to cut it open instantly (minimal blood).
The pain was excruciating.
I fell over, and all I could do was grip my knee and roll back and forth for several seconds, butt naked, and covered in jizz.
, I managed to roll inside of my room and close the door so I could clean up.
My whole family was home, but to my best knowledge nobody saw me.
The next week I had the hugest bruise (and a small cut) on my knee, and while there was no real damage, I was limping until it healed.
The swelling was also pretty impressive.
Well, let me pack my bags!
One of the worst moments of my life was lying in bed a few weeks ago.
This is the first night where I haven't been sleep deprived from online gaming and haven't fallen asleep to white noise (TV shows) on my computer.
I'm lying in my bed, on my back (as you do), and everything is silent.
I hear a thump.
An audible thump on my bed covers.
I never found the spider.
I slept on the couch that night.
They have you on camera, trust me.
I wouldn't go back there.
When people talk about "black mold" they're talking about a specific type of mold that grows on wood, and inhalation of the spores is bad.
Most often, molds that grow on food look gross but are actually penicillin.
Cheese is mold.
are mold.
mushrooms are mold.
Not all mold is bad.
Lots of molds are ok.
Some are not.
You accidentally and unknowingly eat mold all the time.
You'll probably be fine.
i saw a spider on my bed stand.
killed it.
then slept on the couch just to be safe from his/her family
on what type of black mold that was, you might not be out of the woods just yet: -
[symptoms can manifest as chronic fatigue or headaches, fever, irritation to the eyes, mucous membranes of the mouth, nose and throat, sneezing, rashes, and chronic coughing.
In severe cases of exposure or cases exacerbated by allergic reaction, symptoms can be extreme including nausea, vomiting, and bleeding in the lungs and nose.](
I'd probably be calling a doctor if I didn't start feeling better pretty soon.
I have a pretty bad phobia of spiders.
almost every night i see a huge spider dangling from the ceiling about to fall on me, or a spider on the corner of my bed.
Sadly i freak out every time because it looks so real, but I'm half asleep, imagining them...
That was one of the worst.
I heard that on my desktop one fateful night and saw it moving across it...
it moved right ontop of my hand and crossed it like it was just another hindrance in its way - not giving a shit.
I had alll the lights off.
oh man that would be awful, I'm glad that doesn't happen to me, but I really feel for you there!
plotting his next attack.
exactly how i feel every time i lose sight of a spider.
i was home alone once, calmly watching TV by myself.
suddenly i saw a HUGE centapede scamper across the living room floor.
i freaked and called my boyfriend in florida, hysterical.
he just laughed at me and said "i'm 900 miles away...what do you want me to do about it?" and hung up laughing.
i lost site of him, too.
my parents came home later and i warned my dad NOT TO LAY ON THE FLOOR...he was still out there somewhere.
and i haven't seen him since.
big fucker, let me tell you.
Well good for you regarding both of those things then.
The spider probably went under your bed.
I'm an amputee.
I hope my relatives aren't dicks about it.
Doctor here.
Unless you are immunodeficient (chemotherapy, AIDS, etc), it's nothing to worry about.
I wouldn't make a habit of eating mold, but you'll be fine.
still in pain while the spider is somewhere in the bathroom plotting his next attack.
I'm not the only one that thinks they know exactly how they can scare me!
I once ate an entire moldy bagel.
When I realized I told my sister (who is a microbiologist) and described what it looked like, she only replied by "You just treated yourself for strep."
Felt good man.
I did that once, but it was a burrito and I knew it was mold.
I was just really hungry.
You'll probably puke for the next few hours and then you'll feel kinda weird for about three days.
I recommend playing a shitload of video games.
That could have gone so much worse.
Then there are garlic farts.
They haunt you for the next 48 hours.
They wake you up several times at night, they make all your friends run away in terror, and they sometimes bring something else along with them.
So you have ice going on, that's good, don't forget elevation and possibly compression!
Hope it's better soon.
Oh God, do you still have to poop?
Why didn't you just finish into the toilet?
FEEL feel feel feel, feel.
The ( Suite]( Suite]( Suite]( Suite]( Suite]( Suite]( Suite]( Suite]( Suite]( tag
Thanks, dude.
I was wondering the same thing :P
[Have an upvote, and a link to a great band.
Stay sunny, man.](
Props to you for being awesome!
"when suddenly the 87th Legion decides to parachute via butt-web right in front of my face"
This is the best clause I've read all day.
I was in a bath tub when I was younger while on a trip.
I was in a bathtub with a tarantula.
moment of my life, I'm scared of tarantulas and spiders now.
Also..are those hairy fucks spiders or not?
I don't want to look it up.
I hope you enjoy your stay in :)
That's fuckin rad.
Punch his door, duh
Elbows and knees have sacks that fill with fluid when they are hit moderately hard.
So expect a bit of swelling, Im no doctor but I smashed my elbow pretty good and when I went to the doc thats what he said.
you should know I have a fetish for blood covered boobs
You should have cheated the drug test.
Get your mates piss, put it into a condom, tape it to your leg then fasten a tube to your dick and away you go!
back, I think there were a lot of gaps in my decision making that day.
I was in a bathroom with a shower.
I don't know why I wanted to go into the room.
It's more comfortable to finish on yourself though.
I like to enjoy my orgasms :P
I did this when I was about 14, sort of catsitting/housesitting for a neighbor.
Locked myself out wth every important thing inside, including the cat.
the homes in our complex were SO easy to break into, so I found a likely window, removed jalousie glass and screens and climbed into the kitchen, over the sink.
Caught my clothes on the faucet handle, managed to turn it on, got a pantsfull of cold water.
That cat was just watching me, with her cold level glare, laughing silently inside.
I've done the same shit.
I do it on purpose though.
most of the black kids at my school never take an argument anywhere anyways.
I like to take that advantage to be an asshole
it was a rat turd..
I go to a basically brand new school.
So all the failing schools sent there kids to this one.
Holy shit i hate it.
They all sag, wear beats, talk in a different form of , worry about swag more then their future.
Im just like holy shit.
My best friend is black so im not racist.
I just hate ghetto people point blank.
Haha you just described every single kid at my school.
The kids there are so quick to pull the race card on everything...
I'm going to bring in a bucket of KFC, some water melon, and kool-aid for lunch.
I want to see how many kids call me racist.
What i cant have a normal lunch?
This post is being removed due to its violation of rule number one, please repost and add TIFU.
Read the TL;DR as a radio broadcast.
Makes it so much better.
Are you the only one that's not black?
I have two to three other non black kids in my class.
CA.
You're a good person.
I was not trying to kill myself.
Done this with Benzos.
That's the only time I've ever legit blacked out, with significant portions of the previous night plain old missing, and I only had 1.5 low abv beers.
What did they say?
not a damn thing.
to do so would be suicide
That is helpful.
I did this when I was 19.
Had been living with BF and friend for a year or so in a city about 8 hours from where we grew up, meaning we knew each other and that was it.
One night, BF is interstate for work and friend is back in home town for night.
Ended up locking myself out.
It took 3 or so hours all up, and I'm still surprised I didn't fall and break my neck.
What a shame :( pretty hilarious story, though, have to say.
You should group up with them, just to lessen the chances you'll get jumped xp
I still think you could die from that stuff!!
Make an obvious negative stereotype about yourself.
Make them no better than you are.
Im not sure about hispanic stereotypes except bring a burrito and eat it at the beginning of the class or fall asleep leaning on a broom.
I dont mean to sound racist but im just giving some examples.
The first thing you may want to do is stop using the word "race".
There's no such thing.
"I killed a rabbit with poor marksmanship."
aren't the best shooters, but that's no reason to kill one!
And I (
Naw man the rest of the loaf was covered in black colored mold.
That must not have been a pretty site to see.
But, on the plus side, everyone appreciates having a girl around who enjoys anal sex.
Hope that didn't sound creepy.
What I meant was people like people who enjoy anal sex ?
You know, there are less painful ways to kill your body...
Ahh, this thread.
thank you Potato Person, your advice is legit.
April 1, 2011 is mold as well.
Can i have your xbox before another species robs you?
hereditary physical traits
Isn't this what people mean by race?
A group of people that share some physical traits.
I don't get what your point is.
Sweet Prince
Man, I'm sick of black people getting so worked up about being black.
Nobody cares if you're black!
It doesn't matter, just like me being white doesn't matter!
As for stereotypes; make them your shield, not holes in your armor!
All it means is that certain people don't expect you to succeed, which is even more reason to prove them wrong.
Would you rather be Asian?!
If Asian people don't succeed they have to commit hiri-kiri or seppuku or something!!
Quit being pissy black people!
fall asleep leaning on a broom
Come on people, that was funny.
ya I mean you could call us different breeds I suppose...
but race is the proper term for genetic differences that are contiguous among a group of people.
this, if I understand right:
Among humans, race has no taxonomic significance; all living humans belong to the same hominid subspecies, Homo sapiens sapiens.
Social conceptions and groupings of races vary over time, involving folk taxonomies that define essential types of individuals based on perceived traits.
consider biological essentialism obsolete, and generally discourage racial explanations for collective differentiation in both physical and behavioral traits.
Source: (
See especially the section on "Social construction."
Race isn't real (i.e.
biological).
It's an imaginary construct (i.e.
ideological).
For me, the most breathtaking examples of this are the many, many 18th and 19th-century texts that refer to the Irish as "black."
I have that class tomorrow I'll update when I have it
If Asian people don't succeed they have to commit hiri-kiri or seppuku or something!!
thatsracistkid.gif
[i believe this is what you were looking for](
i was actually just comparing stereotypes there, so while yeah it is racist, it's also stupid and unimportant.
[I believe this is what you're looking for](
Fuck up of the week.
That went from covertly racist to overtly racist in a hurry.
Well, at least you made his day.
As the boyfriend in this situation, lol
The best solution is to post them to Reddit now.
It is your only chance for redemption
I second this.
You can't take back boobs.
The wait for bewbz has begun.
I, as the of Boobs, approve this
Notion.
Send the pictures immediately.
Nah, sorry everyone.
The picture will not be posted.
The only person who gets to see them is my boyfriend...
and that other guy I guess.
FUCK THE GUY
POST TO SPACEDICKS
Friend invite sent!
It's like a free lotto ticket.
UR SO GAY
AND U DON'T EVEN LIKE BOYZ
Actual OP's ?
Yes, I verify that this is true
I'm pretty sure this makes this funnier.
i gotta say, props to op and op's boyfriend.
this could have turned into an argument for many, but such acceptance is heartening.
also, what a considerate way of testing out your new camera.
you can't really be a crazy bitch, you have the coolest username.
I am that other guy, AMA.
This is the politically correct way of saying tits or gtfo.
WAS IT GOOD
thanks for those, btw.
Nah, they were all saggy and shit, unless OP can prove otherwise.
ROFL
If the tits in question were ever sent to you, make a novelty account and post them.
Say you're the other guy.
well at least there shouldn't be any permanent damage since it's only max 5v @ 500ma.
I'm not that other guy, but I'm definitely AN other guy.
I'm on the list.
She should have read through to see your edits.
It's kind of hard to say it isn't at least half her fault.
no problemo, i am always supportive of wonderfully considerate gfs.
We call her 'Biggie Smalls' for a reason.
Two words: paragraph formatting.
You should also know that possession is not "Maries"; it's "Mary's".
You always use 's for singular possession.
I concur.
lol, yeah vision is fine.
Cool, wish you the best!
I can beat you all.
In college I walked a girl home, she invited me in, showed me around her apt.
including her room.
Then she told me that since it was fairly late and I lived on the other side of town, and I'd be taking the bus home, I could stay at her place.
I took the bus home anyway.
part way home I realized what I'd done.
IDIOT!
gonna wish I didn't say this but here goes,
Just about everyone I knew growing up had a basement without a bathroom in it, cept for my house.
So while at others houses I learned a neat trick.
Most houses with washer/dryer downstairs also have a laundry tub.
So if you just have to piss, laundry tub is a great alternative.
Haha i feel you, man.
Did the exact same thing couple weeks ago.
I felt kinda retarded, but on the other hand how can you tell the difference?
What do you look for?
Did the LASIK surgery actually heal OK afterwards?
I think you sent them to me; please post imgur link of your boobs for confirmation.
Ah, the old...
You fucked up the moment you decided to run.
are bros.
Lmao!
You can have the hub caps to the cars also!
Fear strikes to the heart.
I probably wont group up with them.
Just because i dont understand how to talk to someone when all i hear is"lul lemme fuk a neggah up 2 nite yo, finna beastin with jayqwanna heh fuk deh poliez"
I usally would say you cant jump me if i re hop the border!
or something stupid XD
Dying over here.
And all of that other guy's closest friends.
That's what what I assume people mean.
I hate it when philosophers try to tell me that race is all social and has no basis in science.
I mean sure stereotypes are purely social assumptions, and we attribute certain traits to certain ethic groups.
But you can't deny that there is a biological basis.
...i don't even know what that meant O.o well, in that case, good luck to ya man
Well hold on, we need to know how this different guy responded!
We should start calling people different breeds, just like with dogs.
Except that would get an even worse response.
I'm sure it bothers everyone except the 'favoured' ones, and most people are not willing to stand up and say anything.
You shouldn't feel bad about yourself.
I hope you are still looking for another job though.
Nobody deserves to work in a place like that.
perhaps in future do all of your actual personal stuff inside of a VM that you can close while at work or something, I dunno.
I hope you don't get in trouble over it.
He probably secretly wanted to know which sites you go to lol
I've never been a waiter but my mom was a waitress for many years.
The amount of bullshit you guys deal with on a regular basis means that you're allowed to make mistakes now and again.
I'm surprised this kind of mistake doesn't happen more often.
I've seen waitresses carry the most ridiculous amounts of food before and not even spill a single thing.
If anything you should be proud of yourself for not doing it more often, I dunno how you guys do it.
Well if your gf is a scumbag they will talk about it in private and she will blame it all on you LOL
this is not the case :)
well since I am not native english I appreciate your help.
Also thats kind of how we learned posession.
How do I make a better TL;DR?
maybe it will pan out for you in the future with her, but I don't think you TIFUed I think you got fucked over.
I mean, I average about 30 hours a week, for 5 shifts, so I do pretty well on getting hours.
And the other week, I dropped a tray.
Almost died.
Good thing the table was good hearted.
A lot of people don't understand what servers go through.
I actually broke up with a guy once because he didn't tip a good server well.
I'm glad you empathize.
What do you do?
It would even things out.
Well, first off, people here don't like to read girl problems.
Second, the story isn't that interesting.
Third, your friends sound really sensitive.
Fourth, separate the story into paragraphs.
(When the writing shifts focus, start a new paragraph.) Fifth, it would help to call "short" by its typical name (TL;DR) and put space above it.
TL;DR: Like this.
I'm a software developer.
I always tip well when I can afford to (most of the time) unless the server gives a bad experience - and it still has to be pretty bad for me to not leave a tip.
But that's the exception generally!
Those tips my mom got helped raise two teenage boys and I will never forget that.
I see a waitress I always think of that.
and if your boyfriend is secretly a jerk, all of his friends as well :)
used to work at a grocery store, once I accidentally cut open a row of 4 2L pop bottles with a case cutter and they sprayed right in my face as the manager walked by.
time on night shift a guy threw a football during breaktime and it hit the overhanging lights..
right above the pop aisle..
the glass from the tubes rained down and punctured dozens of bottles of pop and they of course sprayed everywhere.
that stuff is horrible to clean up.
Oo I just tried to paragraph stuff and it friggin didnt work.
am i supposed to use HTML codes or what?
Did the kids know your truck got fucked over in the process?
If they didn't notice then it's all good :)
You're a good man.
How is software developing?
I've always found it to be something interesting, but have never understood it very well.
I have started to learn HTML code though, and I must admit, it's pretty fun.
yeah I just want to reiterate that she wrote comments online that everyone can see.
If she let you know who she was on reddit, then it only stands to reason that you could access any of those past posts..
doesn't make sense to me man, I don't think she should be upset.
I'm with parent poster.
She should chill.
Maybe if you let her think about it a while she will realize she's being a douchebag redditor thinking she's got some expectation to privacy.
Hit "Enter" twice.
Two returns, not one.
Was your face in the picture?
If not, you could always say it was someone else's boobs
Yep, he's good now.
Titty smalls.
did that too, but mine would simply not fit my motherboard.
That's how it goes when you only think about the price and don't check if it would work..
It's not too bad.
started getting interested in it when I was young kid for some reason.
I think if I wasn't doing this I'd be a musician though..
basically had two choices after graduating high school and honestly not sure if I made the right choice or not!
programming sure pays the bills regularly in a way that music usually doesn't unless you're lucky.
I have at least one lucky friend and boy do I envy that guy to the max.
When I started with programming I really just started fooling around because I was interested in how it worked.
HTML is neat, I built my first web page circa around 95 just using an online tutorial.
I'm not sure what your career ideas are like, maybe you want to stay as a waitress and there's nothing wrong with that at all.
But if you do think you'd be interested in other things, maybe web design or development etc, I have to say that having gone to college for 4 years..
if you are really interested in the topic, you should try hitting up a business college for one of those 1 year terms.
That can get your foot in the door somewhere as a junior and after a few years experience, you are at the same level as everyone else anyway.
It's a nice shortcut that will save you time and money :)
or it didn't happen.
, get this man a doctor!
Saying a stereotype exists not racist.
Saying a stereotype exists because it's true, is.
What you said was not racist.
ASB is $2k, at least it was untill recently i think it may have changed.
it wasn't, but the damage is already done
Oh wow I don't mean to be disrespectfull to this poor girl but I agree with the's comments.
Think of the karma!
He just laughed and agreed that it was awkward.
We agreed to never speak of it again.
He's a nice enough guy, I don't think there will be any negative repercussions.
I did this once too!
I got a new phone, was testing out everything.
I was like hmmm, let's see if the picture messaging works?
It almost never does.
So I took a picture of my naked torso(it was at night, so I was already naked) and sent it to my boyfriend because he was in a bad mood so I was trying to cheer him up.
The next thing I know, one of guy friends was like THANK YOU :) and I explained it to him and all he replied was "Big and perky..
nice." So awkward!
DX I never told my bf, am too afraid he'd kill me.
TL;DR: Sent boobs to wrong guy, got only the reply "Big and perky..
They're going to jump you xD isn't it funny when stereotypes are confirmed?
Man-hatchet's?
Is that were calling them now?
This is the best I can do:
Best I can do for ya:
Here's the conversation.
Oh god, so awkward...
I used my phone to cheat on a test before, was caught.
Just be more sly next time.
Was it worth the wait?
If it takes more then 60 minutes to get my food, I'm out.
I'm never ordering from that place again.
Well at least it was an ex and not a someone in the friend-zone.
Nope, not an ex.
Just a friend from high school.
Seems like you two handled yourselves pretty well.
Yeah, shit like this happens to the best of us ...
Not sure if that's worse or better.
Either way you made his day I'm sure.
Yeah he feels pretty bad for causing him to break his hand.
no posts.
Well to be honest, if you're hot/have nice boobs, I can say he's probably going to use that pic sometime..
1) You're a good sport.
2) He was totally into you.
Or rather, he wants to be.
You done fucked up.
, what she's doing is making a life-sized and voice-activated doll out of the poor kid.
He COULD just quit smoking weed and use that excess income for his big move out of the parents basement.
This will come in handy when the zombies apocalypse starts and medicine is low.
I experienced this from the other side once.
I stepped up to the ATM to pull out $40 for dinner, pulled out my card and stuck it in the slot...won't go.
Screen: Select transaction type
me: oh, ok I guess I have to select a transaction first now.
(selects 'quick cash $40')
Screen: dispensing cash...would you like another transaction?
Me: uh...whut?
hit 'no'
Screen: thank you (ejects an ATM card)
Me: ah fuck...NOW what do I do?
I said something like "yeah, here's your card...and here's $40 that's yours, I didn't realize your card was still in it"
He looks at me and says "that was pretty boneheaded, I'd have taken out a lot more than that if I were you", takes his card/cash and drives off.
I was left standing there feeling like I'd done something wrong, wondering if HE thought I did something wrong, and pissed off about the whole damn thing.
Don't you just love getting downvoted for "lol"?
I mean, it's like we're not allowed to laugh.
I'm not really computer knowledgable, but from what I can tell laptop RAM has something like 204-pins, but desktop RAM requires 240-pin.
I'm just a beginner and I'm getting help from a few friends, so this will be a great learning experience
Just make sure you eat the blue/greenish stuff haha.
I hope that other guy's a .
, I only smoke about twice a month so your estimates are a bit off.
As for the raise changing my life, it would.
It wouldn't be a magnificent change but it would give me enough money to move out.
But anyway, I ended up getting it after all so it's all good.
Turns out my manager likes my work ethic and has had a few customers give good reviews on me so he postponed the test.
yep esp.
when 'ROFL' seems to be ok :)
that other guy is pretty funny i mean "good to see you" hahaha
ROFL :P
He called you "ms.".
Please tell me you're a teacher.
That would add a level to this story few men dare to ascend to.
Put it in a bowl of rice for 24-48 hours, if youre lucky the rice will soak up the moisture.
Amen to not getting jealous.
I know too many guys out there that would get upset if their girlfriend did something like that.
It's no big deal at all, and should be treated as such; so, upvote for you.
Not sure if funny story...
or elaborate cover up of affair.
Im joking of course
Thank you :) I am still looking for another job.
something will turn up soon.
Yes, yes I have and I enjoy it a lot.
I don't think they noticed as I didn't have to do any full lock steering or use the foot break at all when I drove off.
wait wait .
ms.?
I too have broken my hand ragepunching.
Twice.
it's a frat.
i think it is because he said 'species' instead of 'race'.
I plan on going into the medical field after I get my associate's degree :)
they are spiders, and if you are bitten, don't worry.
they kill with puncture wounding, not venom.
beware of their hair, though.
it contains a mild neurotoxin which itches like the legions of hell.
I think I speak for everyone when I say that we absolutely need that picture here.
You know, for science.
well that's a billion times cooler and more interesting than writing code!
Damn Huge fuck up.
she yelled NO and shrugged it off knowing that her large front side was the culprit.
Good on you for using it for what it was designed to do.
I know how to write HTML code!
And thank you!!!
You dun goofed!
Why can't I find a wonderfully considerate girlfriend?
I may be cursed...
This needs many more upvotes.
That was my thought as well!
did you really LOL when you first heard the story?
If my gf did it I'd definitely face palm and then LOL
there are several options.
you may live in an area where there are no girls.
you may not be looking at the right girls.
you may have friendzoned her.
you may not be lucky.
one thing is for sure though, you sure arent gettin lucky.
These stories are great, except when none of us see them ;;
You just made my day.
I LOVE your username.
Sorry, I'd post a picture but then I'd have to call myself a whore, and I hate doing that...
Such a well thought out and considerate reply!
I think its a combination.
I am living in an area were only evil girls live...
"It's no big deal at all, and should be treated as such"
That's your opinion, treat it as so.
I personally think there should be some sense of special-ness to sharing bodies with the one you love.
EDIT:
Reddit, downvotes the stating of facts and a personal opinion of modesty.
and THIS is why I use reddit, and not facebook.
Who wants to be sent a picture of boobs when there are cute pictures of cats to view on reddit
after reading the comments, either everyone is a sheltered suburban white kid, or someone who truly is pro civil rights, and likes to be ou there with their opinions
Let's try another direction.
Can you link us to his facebook page?
At least it wasn't a cumbox
I wouldn't have bought one if I didn't use it, the insurance kills me and for the same price I could get a top spec van insured which would be more ideal for my business.
This only works if OP claimed they will deliver.
Yeah it sounded like you pulled it out of your ass.
I missed that part.
I think that you might just be actually racist.
There's not really any doubt about it.
from the OP and from his comments here, he is a racist.
he knows or admits it.
It was obviously an accident.
She was trying to share her body with the one she loves.
mad will only discourage OP from sending future titty pics.
Being jealous is fine, but for the sake of those titty pics don't make a big deal about it.
What do you do when you've got a couple hours to kill and no one is around?
he needed to keep warm somehow.
If it were a cumbox, this will be a fuck up of the week.
I don't know how big OP is, but this amount of alcohol sounds like a rough next morning rather than a life threatening situation.
He was still coherent enough to drink water and that's more than I can say for a lot of the drunk friends I've taken care of.
The sleeping pills are what takes shit to the fucked up thank god he didn't die level.
You're very polite.
As a bystander I appreciate that.
But you should know that your post still makes you sound a little naive and more than a little condescending.
Pro-Tip: Don't leave bodily fluids in socks under your bed!
There's not a more sanitary way you could do this?!
A little TP, maybe a ?
I tried to save you, but I only have 1 upvote to give.
I can't' find anything in your post that indicates that you are not a knowledgable person.
We must contact this 'other guy' ASAP!
I feel like you're setting OP up for TIFU- accidentally sent a crazy bitch email to the wrong person
Yeah that backfired on him.
I'm glad I don't drink with you.
Have you gotten your money back yet?
I know how to help if you haven't.
E-mail me if he hasn't been arrested and/or you haven't gotten your cash back.
Just reply on here and i'll give you my e-mail address.
Never lose sight of a spider.
You lie in wait, and hunt those fuckers down.
Use fire, spiders hate fire.
haha thanks :)
Tell the person that you forgot to RSVP but you were still planning on going.
They may have counted you anyway in the final guest list.
If not, send a really expensive gift with an apology note.
You'll get it when you're older.
He'll be masturbating to them for a while now.
Not even a question of it not happening.
sometimes though, sometimes those are the best ones.
evil girls are still people, and because of their evil they need a close friend to depend on and confide in.
in addition, all women are evil, and all men are at best chaotic.
so, it works.
evil doesnt have that much to do with being considerate of your cohorts after all.
even the most evil made sure to generally treat their valued ones well.
seriously, the person that decided a sock was the way to go was an idiot, and anybody that follows in his footsteps is an idiot too.
I said to the OP that I don't know them.
I felt they were in some risky behavior and expressed that.
It made me angry.
I said it made me angry, thinking about how drunk they got and that they appeared to have put themselves in danger.
I also said, "for whatever reason", meaning that I can't presume the reasons.
This is not condescension.
It's leaving things quite open and non-presumtuous.
I think I perceived a real danger that I think I was responding to appropriately and without a shred of condescension.
You read it as condescending.
I don't think it was, nor do I think it was naive.
It appears, rather, that the OP is dangerously naive.
which game and what's your team?
Nope, many apologies.
Just a friend, not a teacher
You're fucked
I'd give White a go!
(to those interested)
(sp?)
All around level 40 :)
Must say though..
They are seriously running out of ideas..
I didn't get it yet.
Resend it...
violation of rule 1.
Please repost.
Ditto.
I ate a croissant that was entirely green and moldy on the inside.
I'm still alive and ok years after he experience :)
slow clap
Think this comment just about sums up TIFU.
You didn't know she even had a bf beforehand tho?
She should be the one writing the TIFU, you just got caught in a shitty situation.
that sucks, I wish more places were pet friendly.
I had to give up my two dogs when I moved a while back, and it was the hardest thing I had to do by a mile.
It was a few years back now but I still regret it and miss them so much.
I'd rather get kicked out and still have my dog than do what I did :(
something worse that I do sometimes, and I've seen my friends do.
1) Go to the checkout at (or wherever) with your purchase that you REALLY REALLY wanted so bad to get.
2) Pay for purchase
3) Walk away without the bag
well, TIFU by getting back into Team 2 right before finals.
Looks like we're in similar boats.
Shit sucks, yo.
One thing I am not clear on from your text above is, were you actually trying to cheat, or did you just kinda glance over not thinking?
You'll be fine but your car might have some minor problems.
hitting a curb will throw your front end out of alignment which can then cascade into premature tire wear if you don't get it realigned.
Have you noticed your car veering slightly to one side or the other if you take your hands off the wheel?
Might be a good idea just to get the front end checked over just to be sure that everything is OK.
I know that feel.
I got DotA 2 around 5 weeks ago and have put in nearly 150 hours.
You're saying I should cut them off before they bleed me dry?
Nice, I'm using and in a hack of Black right now.
I liked both of those so far, but it does seem like they're running low on ideas.
There really should just be a novelty account bot that posts that slow clap gif on every TIFU post.
my friend did this with a smartphone he dropped in the lake.
he was able to quickly shut his cell phone off though, and removed the battery immediately.
If you're going to try the rice, don't keep taking it out to try it to see if it works, just leave it in there for a few days and make sure the battery has been pulled.
As a manager you'd think that getting shifts wrong occasionally is part of the part time employment world since they shifts are constantly changing from week to week.
At least you don't work there anymore, sounds like an unforgiving asshole.
she fit the whole bakery in there!
There's like 10.000 currently in existance.
I think it hits a point of diminishing return with what you can really come up with.
The games battle system just keeps getting better and more balanced.
But the pokemon are starting to go full retard.
not at all.
i am saying be open and adult about em.
if you see a mutual ending to a relationship, and want to save it, find a way to bring it up.
discuss how they have changed as people, and how you have, with coinciding needs and wants.
also, take things one day at a time, dont get ahead, and dont get left behind.
Okay so you still sound condescending and I want you to understand why.
Let me break this down for you.
You start the original post by taking an agressive stance.
This made me angry.
Your statement is blunt and punchy.
You catch attention and immediately put OP in the defensive.
This is actually a good technique because it is so strong.
Just make sure that you know what kind of tone it sets.
You follow this up
I'm not going to express the anger, just report it to you.
In other words, no insults, no disparraging remarks.
Just: it made me angry.
Here you take the moral high ground.
It works well with the sentence above because it contains the aggression and sets terms.
You make a promise to only to report anger.
You make a promise to make this post about yourself.
If you had stuck to this it would have been a very powerful technique.
You would have expressed the dangers of OP's lifestyle without ever actually saying anything disparaging about OP.
But you don't do that.
You follow this promise to talk to "just report" with a question.
Why do you want to party like that?
It's not just any question.
You question his very desires.
You say 'want.' You could leave want out of it.
'Why do you party like that?' is fairly neutral.
By including want you question not his actions, but his motives.
You question his desires.
This is okay sometimes.
But you have already established that you are both angry and righteous.
When you are both these things and you ask someone about their desires you assume a tone of disapproval.
By proxy you are questioning his character, and in order for that to take anything but a condescending tone you must first establish that you are on equal levels.
someone's character without condescension requires conversation not lecture.
So no that question isn't
leaving things quite open and non-presumtuous.
You actually answer the question in the next sentence.
Maybe you aren't having as good a time as you think so you are piling on these things to make up for it.
This is where things get really presumptuous.
You break your terms in two ways.
This is angry analysis.
You close the question.
It shows what you think the answer is.
that you're angry.
is read in that angry voice.
So you don't sound sympathetic.
You sound accusatory.
Like you know better than him.
But whatever the reason,
doesn't open the question back up.
It dismisses all other answers.
You are saying that the reason could be anything; the reason doesn't matter; his answer doesn't matter.
Worst of all it ruins the rest of the sentence.
and without knowing you at all, I felt a certain sadness thinking that you could die.
That's fucking potent.
That hits.
That's phenomenal.
That is exactly the tone you need to carry throughout.
You are angry and sad and you don't even know him.
It's a rush of emotion.
It's intensely personal and yet so distant.
And then you follow up with:
I think that made me angry.
And you put that little space in just for pause and that's great.
It brings out the distance.
It slows the read.
It separates this idea.
It would be this great point to end on.
You bring it back to the beginning.
You use the vague 'that' which again highlights the distance by specifically not addressing OP.
It could have been such a strong ending.
But then you keep going.
I think I don't know you but still find this compelling, let me say.
You sound presumptuous when you lose the distance.
'I think I don't know you' suggests that you have doubts about not knowing him.
It suggests that you might have some ideas about him.
The rest of the sentence isn't bad it's just vague and rambly.
Of course you find it compelling.
You're angry.
It compels you to be.
Then you end on perhaps the most condescending and presumptuous note you could: moral instruction.
Please just stop this stuff.
You are making a direct request of him to change his lifestyle after reading a couple paragraphs he posted online.
that you are angry.
This is an angry request.
It's a borderline demand.
The phrase 'this stuff' suggests that alcohol and weed are so bad that you can't even name them.
You've created a different kind of full circle ending.
The beginning of the comment promised reporting without disparaging remarks.
Here you instruct in a disparaging manner.
You sound condescending and presumptuous.
I can expand/clarify any parts that are vague if you want me to.
I don't have time to do this for the second comment right now, but I can come back to it later if you still don't believe me.
TL;DR ravia sounds presumptuous.
edit: fixed quote
I was going to ask..blue or red..
clearly im showing my age..
Meh, did this for my exams at 16, 17 and 18.
I suggest trying either a nuzlocke run or a one challenge - I recently did one with a zubat
yeah he plopably did.
I'm sure there is.
Get some friends and go outside.
It's times like this that I'm so happy I have foreskin.
Just create a tucked flap and lightly pinch while you walk like John Wayne to the toilet for a deposit.
Obama approves.
My best friend is black, so its only the ghetto kids i have a problem with.
The ones who act educated and care about where they are going to go in life are the ones who i stick with.
Oh sheet!
Dude my best friend is black.
If anyone was or white and acted ghetto i would never want to be around them.
There's 650ish pokemon, not 10,000.
And any competitive battler makes your logic invalid.
Yes, because a base on a and a Tree are so much more original.
I don't think I would have wanted a relationship after the way (both of my ex's) ended it.
But good advice if I ever meet a non-evil woman!
Made me think of (the rolling around part)
You're silly.
There are various elements of presumption precisely because its such an anonymous medium.
I just say "please stop this stuff" in a general direction precisely because I can't possibly tell him what to do.
I'm taking the stance: oh my, that got pretty fucked up, please stop that!
Or better maybe: please consider stopping that!
With an exclamation point.
truly from afar.
The "borderline demand" thing is interesting.
Again: consider the medium.
I am in no position to demand anything!!!
(three exclamation points!)
I think you aren't getting the spirit of the "please stop that stuff!" at all.
with the please.
Do you have an agenda?
"I think I don't know you" is just a very honest "precipitation": like rain, it just grows out of the clouds of this setting.
I don't know him.
I realize that!
and weed being so bad?
Well that's taking it all bit too far.
Here you are projecting.
You're pretty definitely projecting the disparraging part.
I'd be just as inclined to say: OK, here's an idea: Only 2 drinks and to 1 joint!!!
exclamation points.
it's all a bit pretend as I am in no real position to do much more than conjecture and react, that is all.
That would presume we were thinking of ideas for strategies for "more effective partying", which the OP wasn't exactly asking for.
I wouldn't go that far into that at that point.
I'd just say: please stop this stuff!
(meaning the horrible binge part, which I think is obvious...but ...maybe not)
I'd be curious to see how he read it.
that is a compliment i live for.
all i want to do is help and all i can do is offer my take, generally hoping its relatively reasonable or understandable.
i like this kind of thing, so if you have any other questions or issues, let me know.
people would worry about aspirin eating their stomach, /acitomeniphen (sp) was thought to be the "safe" one.
People probably regularly too triple doses.
The stats on the number of liver failure presentations in ERs are very bad.
There was serious consideration of disconnecting the tylenol component in painkillers that have that along with opiate type pain killers.
Very popular, common ones.
It's still not clear to me why they can't separate them.
But I don't know the outcome and too lazy to look it up right now.
That's not too far off from what it felt like.
your knee is much more painful than bruising other joints.
Where is the picture?
I can not accept this without definite proof of OP.
You DO realize that most people (at least civilized people) train their dog to not pee indoors, eat your food or bark at people without hitting them?
It is unnecessary and would be better for the dog if it didn't happen.
Same as for children, you can raise them to be good people without hitting them.
And yes, the analogy is close enough, dogs are in a way like children, the run on instinct and do not know the rules of society.
They love their master/parent and telling them when they do something wrong is enough, there is no need for abuse, even mild abuse is abuse.
We are here today to mourn the loss of ...
Go get your doctorate in being a shrink or something haha
Haha, I'm sorry this happened, but you are not alone.
My freshman year of college I woke up with a sore throat and 105 fever and thought the curtains in my dorm were melting.
I walked over to the health center (probably not a bad plan) and ended up waiting for what seemed like an eternity, all the while feeling worse than death.
Anyway, I stumbled out of what turned out to be the Men's room in front of a waiting room full of sick people and nurses.
The only highlight of this was that the expression on the receptionist's face was totally priceless.
Still.
You can only come up with so many uniques.
Classy :) love it!
not every can be unique.
Still, I'd say something like ( is more unique than (
well, i mean, i am a political scientist and history major graduated relatively recently, both my parents are shrinks, and some of my family.
we should all do what we can to help others if its within our power.
expecting a payment in exchange for making someone feel better about their lives is...
not my style.
Thank you W.E.B.
DuBois.
(no sarcasm intended)
I strongly agree, "race" is basically another vernacular for "culture" now, and it's a huge misconception.
It was an accident and it's great that he treated it as such.
You sound like of the people I know who get jealous over the most retarded things: sending a picture to the wrong person.
Are you Mr.
and have never messed up at anything ever???
If not, shut up.
I got Dota 2 right before finals the first semester this year.
to say I lost my B in bio, but I have 450 hours logged!
And that's what I was saying.
If it is a big deal to someone else that is insane, it's clearly an accident and there is no precedent to get mad about something like this.
If you were to, that girl is lucky that they don't have to deal with you or your nonsense jealousy.
Well - the original was released in the year 2000 - atleast here in Europe.
There was obviously limitations on what you were able to do 12 years ago as opposed to now.
I haven't played since so I can't comment on the updated .
It's times like this that I'm so happy I don't have a foreskin...
That's not what I meant.
The whole art style changed.
You can see it a bit with ruby/sapphire.
Now the ones in black don't even look like pokemon anymore.
Most of them look like some sort of weird digimon cross breed.
Hey man righteous, do what feels right to you.
I dunno, like my anteater.
It's pretty handy.
if you need help, lemme know.
And that is a bad thing because?
I draw the line at .
after is blasphemy propagated by false prophets.
You need a hug asshole.
hug
..you already replied to my comment also...but i already established the fact that "it's no big deal" is NOT everyone's opinion.
accident or no accident, some people DO indeed have opinions differing from yours, if i trip and stab a child, the mom's not gonna be like "oh it was an accident, no big deal"
"If it is a big deal to someone else that is insane"
If this is truly what you think then there's just no reasoning with you.
How can you speak for everyone in the sane world in stating that this is not a big deal, you're an egomaniac dude.
it or not, there are people in this world who would be very sad that such an unfortunate event occurred, and you are calling these people insane.
That's pretty impressive.
hero?
Never thought about that, might be useful next time.
You'll never understand the thrill of seeing a non-porn actors, stranger's breasts.
Ha I don't blame ya
Where the hell did you learn that food mold is penicillin?
You also fucked up by ruining the consistent TIFU title formatting.
Edit: But seriously I feel for you.
Some rules you just have to break.
Theres more than just those?
I think he meant if the image were to be ever used against you.
What kind of a question is that?
It just means I like them less.
Why do you even care?
Did I hurt your feelings or something?
No, I dislike it when people say newer pokemon are less "unique" than the originals even though the older pokemon were based on stupid shit.
You must have misread my comment.
I never said the older were more unique.
I don't know where you got that from.
I just think the new ones look ridiculous, and unlike "pokemon" in general.
Leave it alone dude.
I have 114 games as , but I have really been enjoying ancient apparition lately (35/20 record, 5 bars on hero history).
What about you?
Boats are the strangest places.
See also: seals.
Krob, Drow and Lion/Bane top 3 heroes and the most games i've played with a single hero is 7 with Lion.
hero to play is Slarr because pubs= invis heroes which Slarr usually roflstomps.
Eye of Skadi on is bloody ridiculous.
I never did skadi stalker.
I had my build down to where I was getting urn/treads/vlads in 16 minutes.
is so OP, but he's fun when you stomp.
I love slar though.
Great semi-carry/initiator.
nice user name XD
Didn't happen in my class but a friend of mine was in geometry, some years ago, when a kid in the back chucked a skittle at the black board which ricocheted into the teachers eye.
She bawled like a baby because they were constantly doing shit like this to her.
Kid got suspended for two weeks.
Only if you play , you will know.
You're like,"Screw work, gotta get this lv.
5 charmander up to a lv.
If you're like me, you do it rapidly, not letting it down, and learning to pee while playing.
And I'm a guy.
Can we see pics just so we can verify?
You realize you're on Reddit right?
I like how one scenario is something completely harmless and the other is manslaughter.
Keep telling yourself you're right.
It was a harmless accident!
Are you that clueless?
No but my teacher accidentally threw a remote control at my head once.
At least I think it was an accident...
I was going through a punk/ oy!
phase
Oy vey...
Ugh, whenever I see mold I think of (
you ever read the story of how penicillin was discovered?
At the very least there is definite classism that is linked to racial identities.
When i phrase things, in this area i would point out who i was targeted by and what i think of them.
When i say i cant understand half of them, i don't mean every single person like them.
When i call them ghetto i don't mean everyone is ghetto.
See what im saying?
Im saying that group of people is who i targeted.
I joke about them, not the whole "Race" them selves.
I was born into racism, ever since 5th grade i was bullied because i was different.
Im not going into a sob story.
But i will sum it up saying, this group of people, not everyone, but that group are the reason i target with the jokes, stereotypes ect.
Why did you even agree to that lease if you knew you had to have your dog?
From a non-involved not emotionally attached 3rd party you should have known better.
Pick a new place that allows dogs.
she should email the competition organizers and tell them that her spell checker autocorrected her application, and have them change "bowel" to "bitch".
stating of facts and a personal opinion of modesty.
#3232;#3232; Having an opinion doesn't make your argument valid or useful.
You are trying to justify acting being jealous overly jealous by claiming that it's your opinion.
We, as a society, don't value all opinions equally.
I don't value the opinion that african women should be circumcised.
There are a lot of males' that have that 'opinion of modesty.' The women don't have to get circumcised, but they'll be considered whores unfit for marriage if they don't.
All because these guys don't get their opinions downvoted in real life.
yes, but there are a lot of invalid opinions about women and relationships.
By expressing these opinions they get spread.
The say it until it's true true mentality is an easy cycle to start.
And the thing is-this isn't even about modesty.
It's about an accident.
Maybe if she was purposefully sending nudes to other guys.
She wasn't.
She was being modest within the context of their relationship and she clicked the wrong name.
happen.
So (while acknowledging that sane is hyperbolic) yes I do think that we can
speak for everyone in the sane world in stating that this is not a big deal
The last thing we need is more guys perpetuating the stereotype we're overly jealous and hyper protective.
edit: fixed grammar jumblefuck up top.
I struckthrough rather than deleted because yayapfool quotes me below.
One is a dragon, the other is a living coconut tree with each coconut having a different personality.
A more intricate drawing does not make it more unique.
95% of my exam week was spent not doing school related things
3.6 GPA
I cut my big toe blood blister the other day against everyone's advice.
Next time I will just have an ugly black spot rather than a gaping festering toe hole.
unless, of course, you are allergic to PCN...
but since you had time to post about it on reddit and monitor your temp all day.
Did I really?
brilliant.
My roommate really wanted this place.
The situation is a little more complicated than you think - I'm a poor college student, and had to also work with my roommate's desires.
It's not that I didn't realize I could get evicted, but it still sucks that I did.
I still haven't heard back from the CNSC, so I still don't know what the consequences will be.
But I have been shut down from doing RT until i hear anything.
what's wrong with yellow
TYFU: Left out all the details!
You're aware a majority of the old were based on animals right?
The art style actually reflected a more natural look.
Not cartoonish ice-cream cones, cogs, balloons, and flying pieces of honeycombs.
But...but my schadenfreude!
Must have details!
That's okay though, we'll be here when you are ready to share!
It scared me, I always had something following me around...
Ah the cumbox.
In my class once we had free time and a friend made a paper football about 15 times the normal size.
of this he had to punch it when he went for the field goal rather than the usual flick.
Well the punch worked a little to well and flew across the room and right over the teachers head.
The teacher hung the the paper football as a reminder of the day we almost fucked up.
I KNOW it was a harmless accident.
I also KNOW that some people would feel sadness if that happened to them.
Jesus how is this idea so hard to swallow?
This isn't even my opinion, i'm stating facts.
Some people would be unhappy that this happened, not MAD at their girlfriend, but unhappy, YES.
No worries.
That's what this place is all about!
But then you talk to it and it smiles and dances!
You are trying to justify acting being jealous overly jealous
This did not happen, try to find a quote of me implying this.
Let me break it down; you see, it actually IS physically possible to make a frowny face, and not be pissed/jealous/depressed.
How is this so hard to understand?
as 'fact' that it is no big deal, is one thing; false.
I know it was an accident, but it really sucks, she doesn't deserve this."
That was neither jealous, overly jealous, angry, mad, insane, or ANY form of unreasonable.
Remind me again what the problem here is?
I stated one FACT; this statement;
It's no big deal at all, and should be treated as such
is an opinion.
Solely an opinion.
No more than an opinion.
And some people do not share this opinion.
That is a fact.
I do understand that this was an accident.
I am pointing out that i value this sense of special-ness, something that you only share with the one you love, something no one else is allowed to be a part of.
If i sent a picture of something falling into this definition, i would feel sadness.
Am i insane?
No i think my method of opening bananas is a bit closer to the edge.
(snap it in half like a twig, so satisfying..)
are made of mold.
During my school's 8th grade field trip I was playing air hockey with a friend of mine.
He hit it to the corner, I smashed it into the side, and it popped into the air.
Flew a good 15 feet and hit my teacher straight across the temple.
Good times were had by everyone else.
I'm right here, bro.
Oh actually I think I do hehe.
Same here bro.
What a bunch of amateurs, eh?
how did you fuck up?
Was this young woman your boss or something or is this just something you could get free internet points with?
Maybe the black kids felt like, by using the word "species", he was saying they weren't the same as him?
One of the new pokemon is Tauros with an afro.
And a bag of trash.
i threw a gummi bear that accidentally hit a teacher, got suspended for 2 days for it.
Also, this one kid threw a glass stirring rod at his science teacher and hospitalised her, he also got suspended for two days.
So basically my school thinks a gummi bear = glass stirring rod.
Pretty solid team IMO.
your starter wasn't worth it?
I feel like I missed out on something crazy...
I was once making fun of my friend and accidently said pretty loudly "watch out.
rhino coming through, clear the way people" etc, then turned around..
pretty fat girl standing behind me with the WORST look on her fact i could possibly see.
she walked off in a huff and i was red in the face for the rest of the day, my friend couldn't stop laughing and we quickly left.
clearly im showing my age..
For me, "poke mon" is getting really stoned and talking in fake accents while you jab each other with pencils.
It's all relative, kiddo.
title is misleading.
You quit, you didn't get fired, you fucked up yes but not because you were fired.
I dumped pretty early, never had much love for the little fella either.
Trio ftw.
like you quit.
So, yeah, you fucked up...but it's your own fault.
I misread the way he worded it originally, sounding like he quit a few days before the wedding and thought he was just saying he was fired.
In the end, however, he did fuck up but it was his own fault.
Now you fucked up.
...he doesn't WEAR the sock, bro
sorry that this happened.
They weren't actually around to hear it but it made me feel a lot better lol
If you're a girl they probably thought it was cute.
If you're a guy they probably thought you are a psycho.
Funny how that works huh :)
she's with the old rich guy, the one that could actually afford the cruise lol
1) If you don't find this to be an awkward 'oops', I feel bad for people who have social interactions with you.
2) For the 91000 th time, self-posts don't give karma.
I hope you enjoyed my two bullet presentation.
Have a good day.
unfortunately..
So O+ bloodtype is a race ?
What about being tall or short ?
What about having a round or a narrow face ?
Makes as much sense as ( content in your skin.
I see what you/I did there...
ew.
And countless more will be masturbating to the thought of how awesome it would be to be in his position right now.
Free bewbs!
/foreveralone
It amazes me how regularly people make these mistakes, both you putting something immature in her cv/application, and her not proofreading it.
This must be the fourth time in the last 2 months I've read a variation of this on reddit.
nostalgia goggles
yaaay
You're gonna have a bad time D:
he prob gets it all the time, I wouldn't worry too much :P Next time make sure you walk up to him and ask him to marry you tho ;)
Op against nubs and scrubs.
its a self post dipshit
Did you ever!
It was horrible and yet so deeply interesting at the same time.
It could not be killed by fire!
I don't see any bullets.
well, I dunno if it will help but try to remember that he's just a normal person and would probably appreciate being treated like a normal person instead of a celeb.
Ummm...
Doesn't matter, had sex?
(/ppshrug)
is it such a big deal just because you are cousins?
you had never met, you won't be having kids and i just don't understand the taboo.
So its not wrong im still incredibly attracted to her..?
"i know this is a pain in the ass but I'd love to see you again"
hahahhaa.
It was a beautiful ass.
Best anal i have ever had
no problem that i can see.
i'm guessing she might be thinking the same thing by now.
Edit: MISREAD.
You guys have the same uncle.
Which means that you are first cousins.
Its not unheard of but it is definitely a little...
close.
You don't need to keep shooting it though.
If it happens to me I pick them up and snap their necks.
Sounds cruel, but not near as cruel as being shot 5 times.
EDIT: Plus if you can do that, you can shoot deer at distance.
Maeby it won't even be that big of an issue in the long run.
Doesn't matter, had no-baby sex.
Even better.
You know what I have a solution
You guys have really never read this story before?
Even if you had kids with her it's not the worst thing in the world.
There isn't a significantly higher risk of problems from first cousins.
If you're double cousins (e.g.
your dad's brother marries your mom's sister), then it's a problem (you're roughly as genetically close as siblings).
P.S.
I really think that it's a bit weird to call yourself a virgin if you've been fucked in the ass.
Not sure if genuine issue
[Or just whoring Reddit for Karma.](
genuine issue dick.
on getting downvoted for this but didnt happen.
Ill find a way to proove it and put it up tonight
Dear diary; the ass was fat.
TIL I'm black.
Don't beat yourself up about it, bro.
How do you know this?
Edit: 11 hours, OP will...
I can't tell if the reference was on purpose
PLEASE crosspost this to
Not good.
NOT.
GOOD.
Fuck up of the year.
I really think that it's a bit weird to call yourself a virgin if you've been fucked in the ass.
I never understand this train of thought!
I've known quite a few girls who thought this way.
lol too cute
I'm honestly curious to see how your cousin looks.
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that I've never really understood why incest is seen as such a bad thing.
I mean if two people like each other and decide to have consensual (i.e.
no abuse of power) sex then who are we to say it's wrong, it's not like it really affects anyone else.
Edit: Incest =/= inbreeding, I understand the problems with the latter.
This is a good thing.
Let me clear that up for you.
It definitely was.
There's no karma on self-posts.
Well you know graziano8852, he's always getting into shit when he's with his cousin
This happened in that one 30 Rock episode.
I'd love to see their input on this issue.
Fellow and I concur.
Want sisters?
Go next door to W.
VA.
Not to start this shitstorm, but...religion.
It all boils down to religion.
inbreeding:
The problem is with inbreeding.
My heart says no but my dick says yes.
setting a forest on fire causing the death of a dozen people on camping trips would be a lot worse.
no reason.
I just.
What's that?](
But seriously, (
I am amused.
Have fun!
So did you accidentally get any of your DNA in the test samples?
guess we'll find out lol
uh, yeah.
I don't think they would post that on reddit though...
Yes but two people can have sex without having children.
Unless you try to argue that sex is only for procreation, which is obviously bullshit.
you know where you are?
you're in the jungle baby!
you're gonna puke!
to the south.
Don't worry, it's been proven that sexual intercourse with a cousin does not cause harm to the baby.
Read the comments here.
There's PLENTY of shitty advice.
cousins and not directly related?
you're fine, keep up the good work
Neh, I liked the starters in BW, but they were all outclassed.
Why didn't you evolve the ?
Best anal you ever "had" or "gave"?
People do leave their cards in the ATM all the time.
I used to work at a that had a bank inside of it and it wasn't that uncommon to hear the ATM beeping.
The folks working at the bank wouldn't even notice, I've handed them cards on multiple occasions.
Can we get an update?
I'd really like to hear things worked out for you!
Well, is she still down for it?
Hit it again.
Hot cousin sex.
I'd keep hitting it..
I saw that episode haha but not to this extent...
May I just say this: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OOOH FUCK HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Cherry, unpopped = virgin
Wrote "Cherry, unpooped", noticed in time.
Pretty much this.
she may or may not have an interest in you, and it could have just been a forgettable legitimate fuckup rather than a homewrecking issue.
if she says nothing and wants to forget about it, then forget about it.
the ball is literally in her court.
/suicidalcousinfuckers
It's probably already gone and she doesn't know it yet.
Shit's fragile, I knew a girl who rode horses (not in that way) and it was already gone cos of that.
Haha, no.
I actually feel bad for people that have social interactions with you.
Here's why.
It's considered rude in most parts of the world to describe people older than you as "really old".
this was her boyfriend, father, uncle or friend, he isn't even past his 50's yet and you're insulting him behind his back to people you don't even know?
You don't even say it to his face?
What kind of a person are you?
No doubt a young one.
No doubt a young one whose class has not covered the definition of bullet points.
No doubt a young person who thinks that this scenario is appropriate for "Today I Fucked Up".
So what, you emabarrased yourself in front of a nice looking girl you hoped to score with (yes you were, why else were you asking her who she was there with?)
This is your attempt.
indeed.
You did fuck up.
or virginity = no PENIS, IN vagina.
Like, either VERY specific, or very broad.
But that's just my opinion, there's a lot of different definitions of virginity though
Keep dating her.
If you like her, KEEP PUTTING IT IN HER ASS.
Nice constructive response.
Just sit there and be quiet, alone, with your low self-esteem.
If you get a bit angry, spar with your heavy bag, that way at least you'll be convincing yourself you're more than just an internet tough guy.
You self loathing homosexual.
pffft doesn't matter dude, relax just have a really long talk abou it.
What she thinks etc etc, i would date her, REALLY.
Yeah, that's why I prefaced everything I said with:
the problem is with inbreeding
having sex is okay but siblings having children, not so much.
You got me big guy, have a wonderful day!
don't deserve life.
I hope you get shot too.
I agree, I would've laughed at too
But I've seen people jump further than that trying to prove people were racists lol
She rode horses or horses rode her?
It'll pop either way
(/b00 "Pinkie, you shouldn't know about Flank sex.") I guess?
That is just country.
(/pinkiefear) But...but...my butt!
How could you allow such a thing?
Oh god please do.
Blast!
anything can happen when two people share a cell, 'cuz.
I'm from , and i'd call that a win.
Thanks, you have yourself a good day too
Each person is entitled to their own opinion, and in my opinion you should reserve death wishes for the most despicable of human beings.
may no longer be, but was at one time a means to advance as a species and without it your goofy little zygote probably wouldn't have sprung into existence in the first place.
So you had sex with a cousin you did'nt know you had.
It wasnt like you were close and there is no risk of bith defects.
I'm pretty sure I remember an ass gettin tore up in that episode...
this is pretty much the same
Was her name Tyrell?
explains cross-posting the same issue as a link elsewhere then.
That made no sense at all.
Well ur an idiot they didnt even kiss they realized it before then it
To avoid this, I would suggest using code words the next time you need to talk dirty.
Use office terms so it sounds like you're talking about work or something.
There are enough metaphors like that in our language for this to work fairly well.
(/b30) Might want to stay away from the penises.
What do you think happened after Kane and Able?
She was afraid to do anything vaginally because she was still a virgin so she told me to put it in her ass.
Why didn't you run the fuck away right there?
It's not the attraction that's wrong.
It would be your behavior.
More importantly your behavior now that you know you're cousins.
People can't really be held responsible for their emotions, but they can for not controlling their behavior.
If you decide to actively pursue a relationship with someone you know you're related to, that would be wrong.
You can't help the attraction.
The attraction itself isn't wrong.
pursuing a relationship would be.
How's that?
That particular workaround has always seemed a bit weak to me.
By that same logic, most gay porn stars are virgins.
Lucky!
the A2V will come later no doubt lol.
(even though I highly doubt this story happened) :)
UPDATE: well i talked to her.
I took all your advice and just decided fuck it but she wants to stay friends because it would be to weird and hard to explain if we went out or stayed together...
I know by "staying friends" were going to lose touch...
any advice on how to convince her its not that big a deal
is this really a eff up?
im sure if you knew prior to having sex, thats he was related, you wouldnt have pounded her brown eye into oblivion lol
Your pain just made my day, sorry to admit it.
Sure she will understand.
Wow no kidding?
I did the exact same thing.
Picked up my copy last sunday and havn't studied AT ALL.
PAssed all but one of my tests.
Worth it.
If you're from the south, live in the south, or even remotely close to the south don't worry about it.
Anal is just that: anal.
It's not like you fucked your sister, right?
as long as your not making babies and your more then 2nd cousins its alright with me just saying
Im your boyfriend, so you can send them to me :D
No, that's it.
You've been .
Very few come back from there...
though, she's probably just as "weirded out" as you are/were.
You can't convince her.
...but you can definitely stay friends, and just hope it happens again.
Well lets look at the facts;
You were attracted to her and got along great, everything was perfect...and she's your cousin.
Sounds to me that you just took a little in the butt yourself via societal norms.
I'm sorry, sad bro-fist.
Put it on the internet here first before they do...
You're like...NOT really a dick...but kind of a dick for not doing/saying anything...you need to encourage this to be fixed, or tell the dude yourself
The sex = not your fault
Why is the behavior wrong again?
This made perfect sense to me.
You need to brush up on your 10th grade Global .
I can not stop laughing at the irony... Have you ever seen ?
no it doesn't, it boils down to that relationship almost always being unhealthy mentally for at least one person.
a week before exams?
thats enough time to catch every pokemon twice and study if you ask me
Same thing happened in 30 Rock...
Now you don't have to worry about getting time off for the honeymoon?
...girl look at that body
Yeah gotta love the girls that claim to be a virgin and then you find out they've taken it in every other hole quite a few times.
Im out of the loop on this one.
Edit - Did some searching and could only find this
I'm gonna go ahead and assume that isn't it.
Nah they figured it out right before sex in the episode.
MS REDDITORS REPRESENT
But yeah.
anal? on the first night?
I see no problem.
Nope, just stupid whores.
Not really your fuck up but that's still a pretty sticky situation to get into at a new place.
I'm gonna start using this as an out to one night stands.
Shoot responsibly, hunt ethically.
This makes me a happy panda :)
I think I saw something a few days ago on and it looked like a burnt field with a pile of burnt dead things but I couldn't make them out so I just went to the next link.
Sorry this happened, but if you want to keep a secret the last thing you ever do is talk about it at work.
I am a recruiter, and trust me you didn't mess up.
I do not know if you have a fulltime Job at the moment, but if you did and the recruiter still tried to push it on you, then that says alot there.
would u hit it again
If you still like each other, there is no issue, even if you end up married with kids.
The probability of a child with defects is low, so there isn't much issue there.
(You are genetically similar, but unless there are several instances of your offspring reproducing with themselves, it shouldn't be a problem.)
, you didn't fuck up.
You didn't know she was your cousin.
My father dated his cousin for a while, not knowing they were related.
It turned out ok.
I hope you don't feel horrible after this thread.
I predicted that there would be an AD reference within the first 3 comments; I wasn't disappointed.
And part of that is because of the societal stigma against it.
Crap.
Happy wedding, though.
Must be from .
wow you fucked up bad
Having sex with your cousin?
Though I wouldn't practice it, I personally see nothing wrong with it if you use protection, but society takes a different approach to the matter.
And biology, if he doesn't understand the latter statement.
Why not?
It's worked pretty well for most of the ruling houses of Europe for the last 1000 years or so.
Yeah, there's the funky jawline and a spot of hemophilia in the , but apart from that...
HOLY FUCK this is a deja vu of a deja vu of a DEJA VU.
YOU BLEW MY FUCKING MIND.
, even worse.
Sucks for you man, but I don't like you.
This might be the equivalent of a toddler throwing pebbles at a giant, but c'mon man, couldn't the rush of taking your moms car have given you some kind of adrenaline rush?
I'm glad you didn't die, nobody deserves to die for that, and it's a good thing you are giving her some money for it, but I hope you don't pull shit like this in the future.
Now please, don't find me and beat me up for scolding someone 3 years older than me.
I might know what I'm talking about, I might not!
You're a determined bastard thats why.
OMG your name is too?
I have never seen anybody with the same name as me!
You must be my exact opposite in every other way then!
You must be happy being so beautiful.
So what man, who cares?
Not like you're gonna get an in-bred ass babies.
I fall asleep in class and when I wake up and everyone is quiet I am worried I might have farted while I was sleeping.
I never know!
And shouting racial slurs, that also looks bad.
Call her up/text her and say I loved fucking you in the ass.
It was great tearing up your ass.
You have a really sexy ass and a real tight asshole.
It was great fun.
You're so beautiful and stuff ...
take it from there...
Whats the big deal, you didn't fuck her to have babies right ?
Its bad for your offspring , if you ever think of starting a family with her.
You'd have to ask society for the answer to that question.
If it makes you feel better people get it on with their cousins all over the world, and have been throughout human history.
I mean you each only share 1/8 of the same DNA.
that's the "i fucked up" part of the story.
In the butt dont count.
I'd only fap to one of those.
That is what we're talking about, right?
Incest is with someone directly related to you.
don't qualify.
It's just "weird", not wrong or immoral or illegal.
They're was incest in the bible shithead, so no it's not.
To be fair, when they're packed together like that it's hard to keep a level head.
The downvotes should speak for themselves.
I think they're both saying yes in this case.
They can still wrestle at family reunions.
You have the same great uncle?
Do you have the same grandparents?
If not, you're like third cousins and that's not actually a big deal.
( it shows that since you have the same great-grandparents (the parents of the great-uncle in the photo), you're third cousins.
And thirds aren't actually a big deal.
, if you had kids it would be unlikely that this would be a big issue.
OP, just do it.
Fuck taboos; there's nothing inherently wrong with it.
I like anal.
I wouldn't complain if a girl told me that.
There wouldn't be mental problems associated with it if people weren't so judgemental
Incest taboos have existed long before organized religion.
You're an idiot.
violation of rule 1.
That was the weirdest fucking way I've ever found a Game of spoiler.
As long as it didn't FEEL like you were bone-zoning your relative its probably no biggie.
I went out and drank.
Now I am 6'2" and 250lbs.
So I am not small by any means.
I do not have to go out.
Most of the time i don't.
I go out drinking maybe once a month.
Now that being said I do live in a college town.
But I do thank you Ravia.
Anger is a powerful emotion, and same to you yeaup.
You helped me take a part his words and read it easier.
I did not expect so much posting over a really really dumb night.
Bro she fucked her cousin, her virginity is hardly the issue at stake here.
You know how a friendship has a good chance of going to hell once two people have sex?
Yeah, it's that except with more awkwardness and more importance in the relationship.
Should I even troll on the wrong "there/they're/their"?
Too late, oops.
Also, your argument makes no sense.
There's both instances of "acceptable" and "unacceptable" incest in the Bible; what are you trying to argue?
Also, please try and support your argument with more than "It's in the Bible."
I'm saying the sense of how it's "right/wrong" boils down to religion.
, I think love is love, no matter who the parties are, and that what goes on behind closed doors shouldn't matter to the rest of us.
That said, it's not a lifestyle choice I would make, but if it makes another human happy, why not?
Also, and this is just for the in general (and I'm guilty of it): Can we quit with the insults?
; insulting someone on the internet is just plain pointless.
Also, I do apologize for being insulting, but I've heard too many people claim that morality is learned through religion.
It annoys me to a point that I cringe.
But religion enforces those social mores, yes?
One can't deny there is an aspect of it present.
Look at the Bible, in early times, marriage within the family was considered normal---"right", if you will.
And yes, I'm fully aware it's , but cut a guy a break, it's almost 3 AM and it's close to finals week.
Edit: were normal, not all were.
That's a very good point, although it won't necessarily be the case for everyone and I don't really think it's any reason for the public to be shaming it.
I don't know about friendzoned per se.
Hate to be the sicko to support prolonging this relationship but if you bed down with someone and really make an impact, there's always that spark that could reignite.
You know, the ol' look.
if she was your sister it'd be one thing but it sounds like she is a distant cousin.
I really don't see the big deal, assuming again that she's a distant cousin.
This guy is making a smart comment, listen to him.
In it is legal to marry your First Cousin.
If she is the daughter of your great uncle then she would be your second cousin, I don't see the problem.
its not like you grew up together or anything, go for it.
It only takes one frenzied relative to whip up your parents or uncles or whomever to make you both feel like shit for decades for a perfectly natural attraction.
Where can these be acquired?
This must be devasting.
My sister just submitted her portfolio for her college application (We live in , and we had to get it to the US safely) and she was freaking out the whole way.
it made it there safely.
I really, really hope you find it!
I know the question is inopportune but...
graziano8852, are you ?
Ah, it was a while ago, and school is basically out.
No luck.
I just lost my USB drive for my computer class yesterday because I'm a fucking idiot.
It's gotta be on the floor in here somewhere but the drive is black and so is my carpet!
You (and your ilk) are the reason that people hate their jobs.
I know people that get fired because their ass-clown bosses are having a bad day.
Which one?
Do you know how many times I've picked "you" up in my taxi?
Smart move on the pills thing.
Anger is powerful...Well sometimes, with some people.
But as you may realize, I just reported it and didn't want to actually hurl anything at you.
After all, it was a TIFU admission, not some story in which you didn't see that there was a problem in the situation.
That is actually another dimension of this that conditioned my response.
When you say "you helped me take apart his words and read it easier", are yoiu refering to yeaup?
I'm asking this because I'm genuinely interested in whether you read my comment as "presumptuous" or even nasty or something, which it wasn't meant to be.
username.
Ow, my balls!
I know its probably showing my age - but this "having anal sex to preserve my virginity" nonsense is just insane.
I really don't get it
uhh...
my reaction to this is DM;HS...
so what if she's a distant relative?
Maybe nail polish remover or gasoline.
I'm sorry, I was unaware that "little bitch" was a race.
You must be a proud race.
Also taking 18 days to attempt at a witty reply, that also looks bad.
dm;gCf
The sad part is that it becomes a pretty significant plot point...
I'm the sole reason people hate their jobs.
You are so right.
Have a great day!
Edit: I just wanted to say how glad I am you figured me out so well with one reply.
You are a master of your craft my friend!
I hope that stick expels itself from your colon soon!
Wow, dude stop being so hostile.
It's how reddit works.
has to try and be a wise guy.
I expected a more epic story, I leave dissapointed
just hope you guys don't get fired or anything, its.not like you're not adults or anything but yeah, people are nosy
Why do you have a fapsock??
stop it D:
You can get them at organic food stores, the ones that sell whole grain breads and stuff that is healthy for you.
You can't find them at the typical supermarket where they sell foods that were processed or are just really unhealthy.
Naw, our company doesn't have a policy against this kind if thing, although the guy who overheard may have to go to sexual harassment classes because if the way he handled things
I was left disappointed
How heavy were the leftovers that left you unable to walk?
you, i think you should go for it.
there are weirder things.
Upvote for the ass-virgin comment
Think of the karma!
We're all here for karma, aren't we?
Glad to be of service.
Great day currently in progress.
Stick making it's way further up the digestive tract.
sigh And to think, I once thought the shadow birth was as weird as it would get.
Nice one, sorry first impressions went sour.
But have a good day regardless.
sticky situation
lol'd
I don't want to be "that guy", but what does that mean?
that asshole, I hope there was at least some punishment.
Doesnt matter; got chinese food
I was lying eyes closed on my back when a gynormous wolf spider landed on my face.
It crawled up and covered my closed eye with it's belly while I lay there trying not to breath.
once again that it is a dog eat dog world.
That's not a fuckup, that's just a shitty day.
I lefted disapointion was;
You would have gotten twice the karma if you said you shit your pants.
If your limit is $900, and you took out $40, how did the guy take out three transactions of $300 each?
Wouldn't it have stopped after the second $300 transaction?
(/b10 "Sweet , only the most pompous heads of old europe trump the hills of hillbilly land") .
If you want to see some pro inbreeding, let me introduce you to the House of and (
I don't think my title implied I had an epic story to tell.
I've seen more misleading titles than mine.
lefted are was me,
Yeah you are a douche
You're angry and it shows.
I literally can't understand your post because your phrasing is too jumbled.
I am pointing out that i value this sense of special-ness, something that you only share with the one you love, something no one else is allowed to be a part of.
If i sent a picture of something falling into this definition, i would feel sadness.
Can you detangle this?
What definition?
If you emailed a dirty picture to your SO you would be sad?
I honestly do not understand you.
ah yes, i wasn't thinking of the reproducing part.
Alice what?
Almost drowned myself in my water cup when I read this title.
Street bikes are fragile until you throw a cage on them.
That's exactly what I thought it was from.
Great movie, but I haven't bothered watching the sequel.
That describes most of my work days.
I just run around like a headless chook hoping to make it through to the other side..
On the night of hurricane Irene, I was with my fire department responding to emergencys...well fast forward two hours, I get a text from my mom.
always throw them out asap do NOT wait a day.
Edit: I dont want people thinking im a bum and live with my parents lol...Im a volunteer and 19.
Lol sorry man, I'll give you an upvote.
I misunderstood.
The reason I was hating on is because he keeps following me to all of my comments and trolling on them and downvotes all my submissions and comments.
I basically just saw a comment that was talking about racial slurs and thought you were talking about me; my apologies.
Once i was having sex in my living room, I was living with roomates who weren't home.
The condom broke.
I pulled out, threw the busted thing on the floor, put a new one on, and continued to beat cheeks.
The orgasm made me completely forget about the broken condom.
Threw the new one away and dropped her off at her place.
Come back home watch TV, eat some food, my fucking roomate and his girlfriend immediately notice the pink durex soaking in pussy juice lying on the floor next to my foot.
She smirks blushed and then walks away giggling while he screams WHAT THE FUCK!
I'm sitting there with a spoon full of cheerios in my mouth like a tard.
Too...
late!
This is similar to how my mum found out me and my fiancee were doing it.
When were 17 I had off and she had the afternoon off, so she used to stop by my place on her way back from college (grade 11/12 in aust.).
We used to do it in multiple places, one being the shower.
Now on this occasion I happened to completely forget that I'd placed the condom wrapper on top of the shower screen.
So what do you know?
About 6 hours later and my mum bursts into the room in hysterics saying "What have you been doing?
What the hell is this?".
That was a very awkward moment, I feel you OP.
TL;DR: 17, Left condom wrapper laying around, mum found it.
Wow, now that you've put it that way, seems like a massive asshole.
Quick!
Turn the cannons of anger on hefalumpkin!
Morale of the story (and the comments) is: Don't use condoms!
You're 19 (possibly 18 at the time) and your mom was surprised you were using condoms??
look at the bright side: no imbred children
that's why toilet paper or paper towels are the best
It's hard to choose, now that I actually think about it.
And it stayed alive for more than 3 years, far longer than the average lifespan of a cumbox.
Well, I pronounce it that way too.
Don't leave us hanging, what's the legit pronounciation?
allegedly it is IHM-JUR as in "image"
makes a ton of sense.
Son of a TIL.
IMAGE-UR is how I've always been told it's pronounced.
When you read IMG you read it as IMAGE.
The site is meant to be IMAGER (imgur.com) I believe.
Damn dude, that sucks.
but I like how you mention that it's a magnum.
You're a firefighter (possibly 18 at the time) and your mom was surprised you were using condoms?
ths ss okgur?
Also pronounce it that way, still do.
Don't give a fuck when someone
tries to correct me.
I must have been drunk
So, did being drunk in or around your vehicle get you off the hook for having a simple wrapper under the hood?
Don't see why he would freak out so much really.
If that was me, I would have just said "there's a condom by your foot" or something.
really weird about it.
Yeah, this whole thread is a bit weird.
Mostly people going "so I was having sex...
awwwkwaaard".
the exact opposite of Willy Wonka's golden ticket
For some reason I really love this phrase.
Wait what?!
You're not a big dick as me.
I slept with my housemates girl friend a few times.
It wasn't as awkward for me as I thought it would be.
Anyway, best of luck to you.
If you want advice, just don't do anything more.
Ignore it and leave it alone.
It was a one time drunken mistake.
Move on with life.
Serves him right
i always pronounced it as image-er.
acronym pronunciation.
I've got a severe penicillin allergy so no mold for me at any given time :P
The FAQ on imgur says either pronunciation is acceptable.
Fuck it, I'm still gonna pronounce it wrong.
everyone knows those go in your cumbox
If it's hard to swallow chew it up more.
Its better for digestion.
Also Jesus can't really help you there either buddy.
The only thing I can't figure out is how one of my condom wrappers ended up in the framework of my hood.
Your parents feature a whole lot in the text man..
Face it!
Joking aside, I screwed up bad a while ago when I was trying to sell my Toyota.
Forgot to check that I had power in the battery before showing it.
It wouldn't start..
No sale that day!
Not that bad.
Just started working as a janitor at a supermarket and on my first day got three calls for broken wine bottles.
more often than you think.
To be fair, I had to google how to pronounce it after reading this.
"Imager".
coool.
I still don' tget why they spell it with a "ur" then...
I just figured that image-err was the way to say it because that was intended...
looks like dry-mouth isn't your problem then.
so was it you, or the elephant wearing the pajamas?
I learned this watching a video by totalbiscuit.
He said it and I went "ohhh".
TIDFU: I learned I've been pronouncing imgur right this whole time :0
Don't feel bad I asked a gal who gained weight when she was due.
facepalm
I left my condoms in my room, my door didnt close properly so my cat got in there found them and decided to play with them.
As she was being a normal kitty and having fun my step mom found the cat covered in condom lube and other juices.
I got kicked out of my house I was 18.
I dont understand this AT ALL.
...okay...valid advice you have..
Okay..well i'm not gonna be a dick about it, i understand it might be phrased oddly, but that is a coherant paragraph, haha
I mean;
I value the sense of special-ness of something that you only share with the one you love, and that no one else is allowed to be a part of.
Dude, I've had shitty jobs like that and the only thing that made them okay was smoking.
Weed $8.50 per hour.
EDIT: Just realized it made the difference between moving out of your folks house and staying.
Good for you for quitting.
You are the most eloquent 14 year old who has ever lived.
Either that or KIDS THESE DAYS WITH THEIR CURSING AND ANUSES AND WHAT NOT.
+ mark all potential porn folders as "hidden".
They will not show in default gallery apps and will save your life.
Thanks, I actually got the position anyway.
No you won't.
It is a bit sad that all of our stories reduce to this then.
Doesn't this belong in ?
Dump it first
She didn't really believe you.
She just went along with your lie.
At least I didn't say, "Mah body felt suh gooh, my asswhole open up.
Pretty fuckin' awsum, rite?" --
Please don't compare me to kids these days.
If that phrase were autotuned, you'd be spot on.
I was busy the night before.
they dont want me having sex/sexual activities, untill i move out
just grossed out by it
I call bullshit on this one
I...what..
Why was she looking for it?
For me it is in /SDCard//data/com.cooliris.media/cache/
There is no way to just accidentally stumble onto that...
I think you also fucked up your grammar; not trying to be a dick.
It's called The and from The Derp :3
What are you, 12?
"I Fought The Wall (And The Wall Won)"
when i was in highschool i was showing off to my new girlfriend and a couple other girls playing with a lighter..
i accidentally dropped it and all the grass in the field caught fire.
me being scared out of my mind just walked back to the school and told a teacher and went back to class.
i also didnt call 911 because of how scared i was and just hoping that i wouldn't get caught and i could forget about it.
my gf and friends decided it would be best if they told the principle.
i got hauled down to the office and questioned.
denied it all because i was scared even though the evidence was clear that i did it...
ended up getting suspended for 3 weeks (would have been six but i wasn't on school property) also failed half of that semesters classes.
I think it was less a freakout than it a legitimate WTF moment
What is your mom doing looking through your thumbnails folder in the first place?
Some gallery apps just slow all folders will images in.
I literally have a porn movie on my ( right now.
I dont give a fuck.
Nobody uses my computer besides me.
o.o Now that is frightening to think about
Once while hanging out with a group of friends, my friend received a call.
It seemed very important because he was in such a rush to answer it, I thought it was his girlfriend so I say, "Who was that Xavier, Your Master?" My friend is black.
He said it was is sister and it all seemed fine.
I didn't really process what I had said until a couple seconds after his reply.
[Him after he realized what had happened](
DM;HS
Take your car to a retail auto shop like and let a worker look at the damage.
They'll most likely get you some really abrasive polisher and a microfiber cloth that will literally take the red paint off while maintaining your car's original color.
How exactly did it spray you in the mouth?
How do you drink a soda?
Wow I've been drinking soda the wrong way then.
Thanks :D
Okay face.
How do you normally put on deodorant?
Haha this is gold but it breaks rule one.
Please repost it, having it start with TIFU.
Have fun with that.
She didn't believe you, she just didn't have many fucks to give.
You are the luckiest man alive.
I have to share laptop with my sister and my mom TT
Marry her.
Mods can't fix it?
It was a mental lapse of epic proportions.
I guess I just figured I needed to spray it.
" i am not going to lie i tore that ass up for over an hour."
I feel like an ass for having two now...
And to think someone thought of those.
On their own.
In their head.
A true hero.
In our old classroom, we had very high ceilings (it is an old building) with a second, suspended ceiling beneath it.
We were playing football in there, which we shouldn't have done, when the ball went up, flipped a tile over, and sat on-top of the suspended ceiling.
I gave my friend a hand up to climb up the side of the door, so he could sit on top and "fish" for the ball.
30 seconds later, the teacher came in and didn't see him up there.
Also, he got showered in fibreglass.
No punishments, as "nobody knew the ball was up there, so who knew how long it bad been there slowly weakening the tile".
Whoosh.
I'm with you, i have an ultrabook laptop all to myself with full privacy.
you have to repost.
if you put a "." in front of the folder name, it will not show up in any gallery, ex: .nopr0nhere
Hey, thanks!
Sorry man, have to repost it.
He's not especially lucky, it's just one of the good parts about adulthood.
You'll get there, just cover your tracks.
We all had to do it on the way up.
At least it looks like you got some good tips in this thread.
If it makes you feel better, most people have a "My mom found my porn" story.
Mine, back before internet, was an old copy of she found in my sock drawer.
Total rookie move on my part.
I'd actually put one in the Win column for this and move on...
Thanks, have upvotes!
I don't know, honestly.
I'll just leave this here, ignore the "first time" part and its pretty fitting..
I can't stop laughing at this...
MY...
GAWD...
I AM LAUGHING SO HARD AT THIS THAT THE TEARS WON'T STOP ROLLING DOWN MY CHEEKS...
more dangerous variant of looking for your phone that is in your hand?
Marry me?
I want nothing more than to share a lifetime of love and laughter and milkfarts with you...
Did it not?
If my son was't looking at porn at age 13, I would be worried.
, there's something kinda wrong there.
It's such an oddly specific place.
Does she spend hours going through your internet history?
Yeah what I don't get is why she's doing this, sees the porn, confronts the l0lcabbage and then accepts his 'I don't know where they came from' answer.
If she was gonna run along with that line (i.e.
be ok about him watching porn) she could just never have asked and saved him the embarrassment.
If she wanted to check he was being safe on the web and not looking at "unusual" porn then she had nothing to question him about (presumably) so wtf?
gets busted for porn once.
Don't stress it.
Dude it's ok.
You got off.
That's all that matters.
me.
Proud face
Does she spend hours going through your internet history?
Nope, she was just messing around In my phone.
Ah, slightly more understandable then.
Same here, but my outstreched hand is a blur too.
Tell her if you had your own laptop she wouldn't have to see it.
But seriously, at your age it's perfectly normal - hope she didn't get too upset over it.
Do they know ?
question because I'm also 13 ..
i'm 12 and what is pron?
Sock draw?
lose floorbord is more like it proud face
omg...
im bad luck brian
upvote for "beat cheeks"
TIL Reddit is kids.
Clever girl.
Today you learned there are kids on Reddit would be more accurate
I AM A KID TOO (14)!11!!!
No, seriously.
There are a lot of dumb young people, but the age really isn't a good indicator for matureness sometimes.
Well, looks like someone is 12.
No really though, I'm pretty sure as an older male, most people here can attest to fapping since around 13 or a little less.
you end up doing, tap that ass one more time, for me.
Stuff that asshole good.
Hey, I'm 14 as well, everyone makes mistakes.
My eyes aren't as bad as my friends.
One of them is basically blind without her glasses or contacts
I'm sorry, I'm not a native english speaker...
whoa-are you the nerdy/quite type?
I think I would have done that back then, but now I've been trying to get into the game-be confident etc.
Or someone is a respectable human working his arse off at uni to get a respectable job at the end of it
I'm the quiet type - or used to be.
But mostly I was just totally oblivious as it was happening, and then later it dawns on me...
er..
wait a minute!!
d'oh!
Well, was the movie good at least?
how do you slam a car door hard enough to break your leg?
also why would you slam the car door.
it's not going to make it close much if any faster than normal...
Not really worth the trouble, But it was pretty humorous, especially when your girlfriend makes the choices...
strict.
I'm pretty strong for my weight.
Also, Its a thing when your in a hurry.
The most important part of that is that you were late for the movie.
It wasn't The , was it?
Please tell me it wasn't The .
Nah, saw that.
Worth every penny.
the overpriced popcorn and drinks.
EDIT: Before knowing my leg was broken, the first 10-15 min of the movie was the worst part, for both me and my girlfriend, You are right.
Good.
Broke your foot or your leg?
Nicely done, regardless.
Are you going to have to get a cast for it?
More in the ankle area, but I'd consider it my leg.
3 inches above my ankle, And I'm getting a cast tomorrow, have crutches from a while back that just need adjusting.
I did damage my ankle to the point where its almost broken, the the foot itself is in terrible pain.
That sounds terrible.
Best of luck to you!
I hope your girlfriend now feels bad for fighting with you since you had a broken leg and all.
humorous
Hey, I'm from WV :(
Your children have originated from your peenor.
Does that mean it's okay to whip it out in front of them?
EDIT: This is going to , isn't it?
I think your GF would've understood your lateness if you told her you fucking wrecked your leg, even if you didn't realize it was broken at the time.
Just my two cents.
Sorry about your leg, bro.
There's a difference to being racist and hating "ghetto" people of all colors.
You should very well know people of all colors have groups that talk like that.
I am drawing this defensive opinion on OPs other comments as well, saying the jokes pertain to all races who act "gangster".
I'm not the best person to explain things, and shes by FAR not the best listener.
I think you are experiencing a placebo effect of fear.
The mold won't do that to you.
Thanks, and she's apologized alot.
Almost too much.
Yeesh.
I'm sorry about more than your leg then.
Well played.
Heh, Well, She'll listen most of the time, when shes not angry at me.
Trust me, Thats probably the only complaint I have of her, :P.
(/didthere)
Me too.
and continuing .
Nah, Some of the other Fuck-Ups were worse then mine...
That's a pretty big fuck up.
Hope your leg is better I broke mine in, what sounds like, the same place.
I guess, But that one with the car and the hood was pretty bad, too.
, i think you should text her that exact quote.
I mean, if you really hit it off?
It's a big chance her mind must be wondering in the same thoughts.
If she turns you down, at least then you'll know..
It can't get any worse, right?
Eather way, you'll probably make her smile a little at your text.
(/gsmile)
The condom one?
For science, of course (/likeasir)
You kids were doin it...in THE EAR!!!
Maybe he puts it on like a big, fluffy condom while he finishes?
I got it don't worry just trying to contribute more ( )-nyoro-n
You can smoke weed once in awhile and still be a respectable worker.
Just so you know.
on the part where it took you guys 4-5 minutes to get back up?
Did you just lay there?
Tried to get back up and fell down again?
I don't recall looking at porn at 13 though...
Guilt her by saying I broke my leg for this date.
brownie points(otherwise your girlfriend just might be a bitch)
Well at least you're minty fresh down there now.
I would have paid in gold to see the look on your face the moment you realized something was not right lol
This is not as bad as that, but once I was in my buddy's truck and I got out, and shut the door.
I'm not sure why or how, but the door shut perfectly..
with my finger trapped between the door and the frame in the space there.
There was just enough space that I did not hurt my finger at all, but the door was locked and had actually closed right above the first joint of my index finger.
My friend had a good laugh and neither of us could figure out how I did it but he had to come over and unlock the door to untrap me cuz I was totally stuck.
who follows in his footsteps has sticky feet.
not since this thread is almost a month old and you tried to call it.
That's like saying "that's what she said" to yourself.
you were a guy until the word "vagina."
, so...close enough.
At first I thought you tried some weird form or 4chan's "pasting" scheme.
MY SONNSSS A PEEERRRVERRRT
My mom once confused the tube of toothpaste for a tube of some kind of 'lady parts cream'.
I was only in the 4th grade, the car ride to the hospital was hilarious I learned a valuable lesson.
It is quite possible that it was a sting operation and the officers involved were edging on entrapment.
Most Pimps do not hover over their workers while they are working, that is referred to derogatively as " ".
Most street walkers also don't just jump in the car, which is why I suspect it may have been a cop.
I did in well.
Maybe inkytits should have been a clue...
8.50 an hour, lol.
that's half the minimum wage in my country.
Hey, if you've seen the movie "Teeth" then toothpaste on your vagina might be relevant.
I'm straight :)
But are you a female?
I'll have to try out that toothpaste.
pretty sure that was just 's sister driving the point home
bullshit.
you've been on the 4chan toothpaste/nipple thread
Maybe, but the real question is: "is it whiter down there?"
context?
Tip: if you brush your teeth in the shower and don't multitask, it is a huge waste of water per minute
TIL: burns genetilias
False, but it does burn genitalia.
It might only effect certain people, you should try it for yourself.
Touche. the kind of advice I'd expect from a redditor.
TIL: My language skills are not as good as I thought they were.
That's your excuse for everything.
"I make grammar mistakes" I used the wrong context" "I murdered a drifter and hid their body on the moors''
It's a Fuck Up of the Month so this post is pretty much timeless.
Try bengay, that stuff really helps the burns.
with chase i believe you can take up to atleast a 1000
Nice try.
One year at summer camp, I had extremely sore thighs, so the doctor recommended icy/hot to easy the muscle pain.
He FAILED to warn me about the intense burning it would cause if it even rubbed off on my balls.
That was the most painful breakfast I've ever had.
I came here expecting a new development on the NIPPLE PASTING project ;'(
uhhh...
is it bad if it's like 10 years more than that?
I'm 12 and what is this?
Well you can't just leave it at that.
We need details man!
Out of curiosity, what is the average lifespan of a cumbox?
At least your vagina is minty fresh.
Can I get a tl;dr on this?
I still feel there are too many details in your story.
spoonful of cheerios?
Oh, I see.
Not spoonful of cheetos
TWFU.
You both fucked up.
I'm not sure what you what's your point.
Where else did I ever use that excuse?
From where could I have known that it's maturity if nobody told me before?
Well, I couldn't get back up very easily, my was up in 30 seconds, but she can barely lift me, as she's not very strong.
I kept trying to get up, but its not too easy.
The position i was in only made it harder.
I was in the middle of being inside and outside, with my back on the doorstep.
I'm not really that kind of person.
My first question was "Wonder what eating her out would taste like"
Holy shit, you have made me hurt a little.
Also fellow lesbian here, have not had that happen with the toothpaste though I have had a reaction to shaving cream before so I do understand the burn.
the ms.
at the end of the chat says enough.
Now awkward me tried to avoid conversation about this but it eventually came to it again and again.
So i said yes and we started talking about when and where but i kept making jokes about people judging and i was somewat political).
I said that "George Bush might be watching us and record and put it on the web" (She and i are a bit self conscience) and she just got over it and said ":/,goodnight"
tl;dr: She offered sex for the past couple of years, now admits it, and i ruin it with a joke.
not if you want a 75 cent promotion!
tl;dr Told girl George Bush would film us doing the nasty and publish it on the web.
I thought you were a man until I read that last line.
I'm allergic to penicillin, anything derived from penicillin, and I almost swear sometimes anything that remotely resembles it.
It's always a very unpleasant, hive-covered affair with plenty of vomiting, but not quite to the point of being dangerous.
Then again, allergies vary wildly, so I'm probably just (comparatively) lucky.
: Works better than coffee.
"George Bush might be watching us and record and put it on the web
Dude this isn't about George Bush this is about you sounding like a total creep.
I think that you may have said the exact wrong thing to comfort her into casual sex.
can cause stomach bleeding/ulcers when combined with anti-coagulants/stomach irritants (like alcohol).
The risk is generally minor, and it's miles less dangerous than (acetaminophen), which can easily kill you.
EDIT - Bonus note: doesn't seem to play nice with caffeine, (
Yeah while most of reddit consumes upvotes, we feed on sadness here.
This is why first hit you while your down, then lifted you back up.
Now you're ready to be cut down again.
And I know just the thing to say, homeless bitch.
Now feast!
What's really shitty is that drug manufacturers put it in prescription narcotics like hydrocodone and oxycodone to "prevent abuse".
Sadly, products like contain acetaminophen so that they may be classified as III drugs in the US, in contrast to pure hydrocodone, which is II.
Wow, minimum wage in the US is 7.25.
Where are you at?
got it.
I like when my wife "gets to work" just after she brushes her teeth.
The sensation is quite pleasant.
I would have to think toothpaste straight to the beaver...not so much.
On the plus side, you are surely minty fresh!
well nicely done, I hope you're alteast not smoking it all the time.
Are you from the US btw, it seems that people over there have much more relaxed views on illegal drugs.
(compared to the UK)
Why doesnt this have more upvotes ?
It's hilarious !
I demand pictures of you in that glamour pose though, was my favorite part ;D
mmm
Thank you, and no I don't smoke all the time, maybe twice a month.
And yes, I am from the US.
Most people here don't really care about marijuana as an illegal drug.
Hola senor!
Ok everyone, chill.
My BF and I are super duper laid back and we never play into drama or get jealous.
He knows it was an honest mistake and laughs about it.
I could totally see how more sensitive people could get offended by that, though.
I disagree with yayapfool, you're kind enough to comment on my post so upvotes for everyone!
Why yes, yes I am :) and not his sister.
He's not.
I'm sure not in favor of discouraging future titty pics!
Good point!
But I seriously doubt that will ever happen.
I done did.
Maybe you should wait until you're a little older to have sex...
this might be the universe telling you that you aren't ready.
well i guess thats ok, ive never tried it so dont really know.
so i can't really compare the experience because i'm a dude, but ...
that burning sensation can be a lot of fun when integrated with other activities.
But are you straight?
Nice username :)
Sounds .
I'm going to eat a steak tonight for you.
For myself though.
This is all hilarious to read but your username leaves me intrigued.
Did you try to have sex with an octopus or something?
Bum intended?
TIL: is no substitute for .
sucks but there will be other girls out there.
just think you and her could always spark a relationship in the future.
love never ends.
While your shampoo sets wash your body.
Rinse shampoo out.
Put conditioner in.
to brush teeth while rinsing off body soap with your free hand or just turn in circles (slowly).
Spit out toothpaste and put on tub shelf.
Rinse out conditioner.
Turn off shower.
Dry off.
"This one time, at summer camp"
How high did you get?
threw me off at the end with the "and my vagina is still recovering".
expected you to be a guy, dunno why.
You noticed it.
Hello Sir,
Thank you for your concern, however, I was not offended.
My first response is also to read everything on reddit as though the poster is male, until proven otherwise.
It also caught me quite off gaurd when the OP used the word vagina.
No harm done,
A female redditor.
Oh and P.S.
I know lots of straight, female, redditors :P
sorry for your loss
, many hugs for you.
That shit HURTS.
gotta picture?
No, I was too busy wrapping it in bandages to stop the bleeding, and the thought of exploiting my injury for karma never came to mind.
I however could get a picture of it all bandaged up if you'd like.
not yet...
I had this happen to me a couple of months ago.
The nail didn't come off completely until recently so i had the new nail growing underneath it.
It was a bitch, but now I have a little nail stub growing.
Trust me :D
you're so kind
about this made me cringe more than anything on spacedicks.
Lol, what a great rationale "people noticed me!" :D
And good for you guys not lettin it bother ya!
:D I do know people who would be pretty down about this, so it's good to know you guys are super chill, haha
Worst part is when you didn't notice and when you pull your pants up it's all wet.
The best part of waking up is in your cunt.
foul.
It would seem that you
puts on sunglasses
cant take back boobs.
we have a very odd sense of humor, ive said stuff like this before without it bothering her whatsoever.
My girlfriends 15 y/o black cat loves to lay on the stairs in the middle of the night.
At every step I have to probe the next one so I don't accidentally crush his arthritic rib cage.
As someone who has had their big toenails on both feet removed 6 times, I can attest to how painful that probably was.
The worst part is trying to wear shoes when you have no toenail.
Hint: Hope you have sandals..
I will never tell my mom about this post, as she offered to buy a bike so I could practice drive..
Holy fuck, I'll definitely be the utter most careful if she decides to.
For once, someone who wraps injury/puts out fire/goes to doctor BEFORE posting on Reddit for karma!
I personally think they're hitlerious, monumental in their humor until they come crashing down.
YAY HITTING CATS!
EVERYONE SHOULD DO THAT, AND MORE OFTEN, TOO!
I do not own any sandals, unfortunately.
I however did manage to make a makeshift cast with a sock and duct tape, which keeps the shoe from putting pressure on my toenail-less toe.
New or the hills?
With the ?
Any place, any time.
Ding motherfucking ding.
Aurora Jolie
Just do a navy shower.
That's the dumbest thing I've ever...
wait, just read username.
The thing is, it may not be everyone's opinion, but it should be.
Swamps.
bedrooms with their furniture and their walls.
Just who the hell do they think they are?
Living rooms?
Never mind, then.
Two people of the same sexual orientation have met on the internet!
intercourse!
Every parent knows that their son watches porn.
Don't get too bent out of shape if they catch you.
My dad once walked in on me after I fell asleep on my bed after fapping, hand still on my penis and everything.
He never talked about it.
Fast forward a few years and my gf and mom are cleaning my room while I'm away and find multiple used condoms, lube, vodka, torn panties, and lingerie.
You can also make [invisible folders on your desktop](
Moral
If you split a generation ago, you are just about distant enough not to be considered related.
In fact, no state actually has laws regarding marriage between cousins and no birth defects are more frequent when second or cross cousins have children.
But good luck convincing her any of this matters in your situation.
, every royal family now carries the gene for hemophilia.
, the taboo has only cultural origins.
There is no solid evidence that sex with non-immediate family members will cause deformities in children.
Some cultures actually encourage marriage between cross cousins (e.g.
a son of a sister marrying the daughter of a brother).
term for double cousins is parallel cousins.
Just giving a random fact.
Then gay men are theoretically the most vestal people in the world!
Take THAT !
tl;dr: her dad is a dick.
Take bandage off, take picture, put bandage back on?
Upvote for nerdrage
That has made me laugh so hard, and considering how sad I have been lately, it has helped with the depression a little bit.
Thanks for the giggle.
This is why you don't talk about things like that at work.
I would if I had more bandages.
They're cheap thrift store bandages, and I don't want to risk them not sticking back.
why cant you retrieve it?
shouldn't it have just ended up in your computer's trashcan?
or does your trashcan automatically empty itself?
That sucks ass
I think OP is still in 7th grade.
You did not fuck up at all.
In fact, you are a gentleman and a scholar and you deserve a medal for your bravery.
I hate sexist feminist cunts who blame men for all of the problems in the world.
Just because one guy is a perv doesn't mean we all are.
One of my exes used me for money then dumped me as soon as she was economically stable.
Does that mean all women are gold digging whorewagons?
No, of course not.
TL;DR: You did not fuck up at all, you sir are a champion.
Edit: Why was this even downvoted?
...not sure what kind of pussy you've been eating.
I think you are missing the point of what he is saying...
All he is saying is that if this happened to a different couple then the boyfriend might have gotten upset.
I don't see why you two need to argue over this?
It's kind of silly.
Not as bad as this...
(NSFW/L)
If I was a teacher I wouldn't suspend a kid for hitting me with a gummi bear.
I'd just take the bag of gummi bears and have me a mid class snack.
difference races have different physical traits.
Sort of like how a and a German are both dogs but they look different.
OBVIOUS ONES:
Black people are black.
Brown people are brown.
are either brown or some kind of yellowish tea color.
White people are white.
are tan.
are brown-ish.
ect ect.
Less obvious ones.
types of white people, (specifically from what I've noticed IRL) tend to have a lot of body hair.
Every I know is a hairy beast.
You can tell the difference between an and a black "".
They look different.
Their jaws look different.
Even amongst , there are different traits that show where they are from.
Just like are darker than people from .
(sp?) are really dark compared to .
Japs are really light-skinned by comparison.
That is what race is, in my opinion.
The physiological differences that makes certain groups of people very obviously different/unique.
This includes a combination of hair color and natural shape, skin tone, body structure, ect.
TL;DR - "Races" are physically identifiable sub-groups of human beings.
I couldn't tell you, but it probably prevents cavities.
Female.
Just sayin'.
So about that intercourse...
Haha, no.
"How I Became " is a very long and boring story.
No, trust me.
You will break up sometime in the future.
And when you do, go ahead and send that pic (or a new one) to me.
It's a mixture of fish and paste...
it was a joke about OP and toothpaste...
Ah, ok.
But you understand why I had to ask.
Things like that just can't be left unquestioned.
lord now everyone has me blushing.
Maybe if I knew you better.
doesn't need to set, conditioner does.
I understand, but everyone makes fish jokes and it's just...unnessesary.
Your trolling is bad and you should feel bad.
OP is in High school, if that makes it any better.
(Junior Year)
You really should go to the hospital
Holy shit, I'm gonna have to use beat cheeks.
its ok my friend, i said some stuff that wasnt even really mean and i got like -35 per comment.
at first i was all like :(.
but then i realized i dont give a shit, its just a damn number that doesnt affect anything haha.
and are you black?
My wife is from WV.
We are not related, just to be clear.
No, sorry, that was "humour".
A joke...
This is awkward.
on file type, amount written after, and lucky.
You could get it back?
Fix-a-flat is terrible.
Its gonna cause more problems than its worth.
Even if you have a slow leak it will most likely be your rim corroding, adding more moisture to the inside of the tire will only worsen the problem.
Keep a spare and save your $20 to get a real flat repair done.
just do it!!!
and my entertainment!
ya, come on man!
You are airing it out right?
Needs air to heal.
Edit: Per 's catch that Recuva in only and is likely on a Mac, you can try ( for Mac.
D: use dropbox dood!
Holy shit, thanks!
No, the open air or even a slight breeze makes the open flesh sting.
That guy should read this post.
Upvote!
I"ve done the same thing brotha :c
I had fun re-recording it, but it was never the same.
And why exactly is that?
As a hunter, I find this seriously offensive.
You probably can retrieve it.
Don't touch anything, and call the tetchiest friend you know.
Not just the one that plays the most games, either.
You can still use recovery software; use a DIFFERENT COMPUTER while you research solutions.
You can either just pay someone or you can download an application and run it.
, DO NOT MODIFY ANYTHING on your hard drive -- INCLUDING BROWSING THE WEB -- until you've gotten your file back.
I stunned my the second furthest toe to the left on my left foot at .
A chunk of skin was hanging off and part of the nail was dangling around.
It wasn't very fun.
sounds like you should know better..
If I didn't then, I do now.
Not a solution, but a life protip.
Never ever ever delete any type of personal file that's not backed up.
Even useless files.
You never know man.
People type papers on iPads now?
Wow, I could not do that.
"It should be"?
That's just self righteousness.
Maybe what you meant is;
The thing is, it may not be everyone's opinion, but it would be nice if it was, to avoid feeling sad.
When I was teaching myself to use 's Reason (years and years ago).
The demo I had wouldn't save and had a 15 minute use window after which it froze the program and you had to quit out of it.
But you could still hear the music.
So I spent that 15 minutes several times a day trying to make the most enjoyable song I could.
If this piece was commercial work, you have my sympathy.
If it was just for fun, let it go.
If you get a bluetooth keyboard it's not so bad.
If I was a priest I would be like holy shit!
That kid can fucking climb!
Would so much rather do this every morning than brush my teeth.
Thanks for the concern :)
SOLUTION: Move out
Never get into the habit of shift+deleting everything.
So bad.
I need the internet to know I'm right.
I know where this is (
Is this how you bust sluts?
:( It's hard to understand jokes in the internet sometimes.
Suck hot ass, fucksack.
Hot ass.
Bush just cock blocked you.
Did you guys see the ( of this?
He definitely fucked up, but not in a rookie way.
, dude I get what you were going for, but that girl wasn't
raging about how all men are pigs who only think of sex.
She just didn't like people asking if she had sex with her twin.
There was nothing in there about regular sex.
You come off as really creepy and smug when you say
I am 16 mind you, which is an age where most guys think only of sex.
That's not something to brag about.
It's actually a little worrying.
Either you're lying or there's something bigger at play in your life and the next couple years might be hard for you.
Or you could just be a late bloomer.
But seriously don't brag about this to girls.
Or try to comfort them with it.
The fact that the guy is using and Recuva is for means that this probably won't help.
Haha thankfully, it just deleted my paper.
Boob picture would have been worse.
At this point, I can hardly use a regular keyboard.
I do everything on my iPhone or iPad so touch screen is all I know.
I have a keyboard for it, but at this point it feels unnatural.
Maybe not, or you would've been bangin' her since seventh grade.
i was an awkward kid up until High school
We're going to need pictures...
You still can recover that, it's no problem at all.
I know your pain, I have done the same exact thing.
GO TO YOUR TRASH YOU DUMMY
How do you not comprehend why he did it?
I'm not condoning it or saying your stupid, everybody makes mistakes blah blah blah, but it's fairly simply to understand why.
FREE MONEY.
If you could get $900 for literally nothing you'd probably be like FUCKING HELL, I JUST WON THE LOTTERY!
He probably also thought something along the lines of "well she was dumb enough to leave her account open so..."
EDIT: love it when people who can't read downvote my comment.
You have no respect for life, I don't have respect for you.
Very good point, thanks for the heads up, I missed that he was using and thus would be on a Mac.
Edit: Added a link to Disk Drill for Mac to my original post.
This makes my brain and fingers hurt.
This gives me so much anxiety.
story, I have only made two short films and the only copy I have are on a disc that is nearly destroyed that I am trying to figure out how to repair.
As a female...just eww.
is a definite deal breaker.
Not to sound like a bitch, but get used to fapping and not having sex.
I had a seizure and fell onto my teacher one time.
We both fell to the ground but obviously I couldn't really get in trouble for it.
it deletes without confirmation?
no undo setting?
related dude, it doesn't even count really, if you like her don't worry about it.
Always follow the 4 laws.
The 1st Law - The Gun Is Always Loaded!
The 2nd Law - Never Point The Gun At You Are Not To shoot!
The 3rd Law - Always Be Sure Of Your Target And What Is Behind It!
The 4th Law - Keep Your Finger Off The Until Your Sights Are On The Target!
You sound like you still ARE an awkward kid ;P
My name is Jenna
Well aware of basic firearm safety, it was a momentary slip into retardation.
Thank you though.
If you tap on the trash can picture a window comes up right next to it and somehow I managed to hit both.
My BLB moment.
I respectfully disagree
"What is soul?
Soul is a ham hock in yo corn flakes"
you misspelled better
FWIW I think yayapfool is spot on here.
many other people will have different opinions.
And no, they are not crazy for having a different feeling.
I'd be relatively OK with it, if a little perturbed that some other dude saw my girlfriend's boobs.
But I wouldn't be too upset.
, I know many others that would feel differently.
The mindless ganging up on yayapfool was a bit childish too (plus also ignoring what they actually said)
you must have a quite exquisite pair of boobs
Pic or didn't happen :D
Wouldn't be the first time tits interfered with
Dude I'm really sorry about this..
I did it to myself about a year ago and tried to remake my song and i turned out terribly.
I hope everything goes well if you're remaking it.
Yea, thats what i said in .
I told him to sell his guns because he is a danger to himself and everyone around him.
phat
Not sure if or literal bloody mess.
Turn the lights on?!?
bloody mess.
yeah, that's what I assumed but then realized people use bloody for other stuff as well haha.
Oh and feel better.
hey, was there ever an update on this?
dd you get your money back?
I was writing my paper on my iPad
I'm going to go ahead and say you deserved this.
Or sentient.
And malevolent.
Better than burning 35 hammocks...
what I read first...
Chess but wanking.
PLEASE DO.
THE G FORCE MAKES IT FEEL SOOO MUCH BETTER!
Is there any collateral crispy bacon?
I've always done a stovetop braise w/ chix stock, mire poix, etc.
Re-use the liquid a couple times and the 3rd and 4th batch are insanely delicious.
After that the liquid gets too intense.
The machines (In the UK anyway) don't give your cash until you take out your card.
I had a friend post a juicy boob shot right on .
I have no idea how she could have fucked it up, but when I posted a comment "Um, nice nipple Trish.
You mean to put this up here?", she posted "Oops.
I meant to email it to someone".
How to you mess that up?
If that were all that were meant by "race" in culture, that would be fine.
(: I'm uncomfortable with the idea that comparing race to different breeds of dogs is somehow ideologically safe, though.
I mean, chihuahuas and great danes shouldn't breed.
It's unsafe.
But different races can and do intermarry without danger.
It might be better to think about it like the difference between, say, a calico and a tabby cat.)
That said, that's not really what race means in () culture.
, this sort of physiognomical typing has been debunked since the 19th century.
But culturally, it's still what happens.
Ask the family of Martin.
Ask the people in .
Ask anyone with dark skin who's in an airport.
As a concept, "race" pulls all those things with it.
Better to talk about ethnicity, skin tone, or something that's not charged with the horrible history of "race" as a concept.
No you didnt fuck up, she never studied and did work.
Now she is bangin an old fat dude.
Fair point sir.
The dog thing was the only example my brain could think of, so that's why I used it.
Thanks, and i believe an explanation for this; "plus also ignoring what they actually said":
people used Wall Of Text - It's super effective!
(against anyone reading)
I don't know what I'd hate to lose more, ham or naptime :(
So I'm a TA for a political science class, and we had a paper due this morning.
Now I'm wondering if you're in my class.
roll with me here, ok?
If you recorded it the source audio is still on your DAW.
Unless is shit software.
On second thought, you are probably fucked.
if she hit you from behind ..
isnt it her fault ...
in south africa if you rear end someone you are at fault ..
how i cook em:
wants a video.
, you said:
you are a fucking moron, and should sell the guns before you kill someone.
You are a danger to society and if i knew where you lived i'd call the cops.
is a classy mother fucker and his comment showed empathy and respect for my ability to learn from a mistake.
You, on the other hand, are being a hysterical douchebag.
the trigger was infinitely stupid, but the gun was, as always, pointed in the safest possible direction.
Muzzle discipline is what separates NDs from tragedies.
I'm a fairly responsible person that made a very irresponsible move.
Lesson learned, and it'll be a cold day in hell before I have another ND.
TL;DR: You can go fuck yourself.
LOL, it's funny because you do sound like a bitch.
though, I feel the same way about tanned or dark skinned chicks.
It's not a racial thing since I've dated pale Jews and pale Asian chicks, but just an aesthetic.
Ive been told, plenty of times.
Then again, im pretty known around my school for that and still manage a large amount of friends.
I did that as a kid.
Closed the door and it latched over my middle finger, breaking it and ripping open the skin.
hamtime
Are we still doing that "for science" thing?
If you live in the US, E covers you in this situation.
By law, they have to investigate your claim.
I think the time frame for ATM fraud claims is 60 days, but at the bank I work at we'd give you immediate credit for the 900 while we investigated it.
Hope they took care of you and if they didn't then you need a new financial institution.
Yeah but he could be done for an unsafe lane change.
Yeah, SHOW US YOUR BLOODY TOE STUMP!
You must be incredibly clumsy...
Are you a vegetarian?
The science will only stop...
Not to sound stupid, but it was the application on my iPad.
I was recording my guitar, bass and drum machine playing in to it with an adapter.
That's hilarious.
I remember doing the butt bounce down the stairs when I broke my leg.
Sucks that your sister left you in the tub.
Oh and btw, killing for fun and killing for food are two different things, if that's your point.
, it would have taken longer on a keyboard.
I'm so used to touch screen.
you're a cool guy.
I didnt lurk either ( FTW) but my friend has explained most of reddit for me.
ive been a redditor for a few days less than you, so good luck
Sounds about right, but I'm lazy and I left my laptop at my mother's house.
If you can think of a better reason to get people to upload pictures of boobs, then we'll use that
How much did replacing all the meat cost you?
First of all, it's not like that's ever worked anyway.
Second, it's just so over used.
It isn't funny or witty anymore, it's just tired.
Yeah I mean, Zapdos was both electric AND it could fly.
How economical is that!
My wife and I are together right now and both read "87th Legion" at the same time and cracked up at the same time.
I've seen it work before
may have posted tits in response to "For science!" but I can almost guarantee is wasn't spurred on by the inclusion of it.
csb
On the contrary, I respect life more than quite a lot of people I know who do not hunt.
for my point:
If I am unsure of my ability to hit the deer (or antelope, or elk) in the heart-lungs region, I will not take the shot.
This is because the HLR is the easiest target to hit and is guaranteed to kill the animal very quickly and with little pain.
If I make the shot, I make sure that it was a clean shot (making a follow-up if necessary to ensure the animal dies quickly) and then allow it 30 minutes to die in peace.
After 30 minutes have passed, I track it down and butcher it, taking as much of the meat as I possibly can.
If I'm doe hunting and it appears that my current target is a wet doe (a mother with young fawns who still depend on her) I will find a different target.
There's more: I'm a crazy environmentalist too, but I'll stop here for now.
So, still think I don't respect life?
If I had tits, I would post them for science
Should have hit the dog?
THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?!
You people consider everything trolling these days.
Sheesh, can't even laugh without being called a troll.
I don't even feel bad.
Look for the one with boobs...
Tch tch tch, downloading porn.
I just keep a private browsing app in a folder name useless apps.
Never hit the dog.
Hit a hundred annoying bitches in cars before the one standing innocently in the road.
So did the $400 include a change of undies?
For clarification, I seriously dislike people who hunt for fun.
That's just not cool
my friends and I used to make blow guns and launchers out of mechanical pencils and shoot eraser bits at each other during class.
One day we decided to up the ante and start using sharpened sticks of graphite (I know, horrible idea).
My friend shot one at me with a blowgun, it missed, and landed in my teacher's hair, which she always wore up.
We have no idea how she didn't notice right away, but she must have been extremely confused later on :D
this one story, I shall NEVER shave my balls
Always wanted to run into the wine aisle and just start smashing a ton of bottles...
Why yes, these are my red velvet jeans!
God your parents are assholes
Good job with your faparatus.
Sucks about someone discovering it though.
back in the day someone discovered my naughty sock; I just told them that i was out running and sweat a lot.
Can't agree enough with this one.
This is relatively minor.
A week ago i rode my bike INTO a rosebush full force :) It was fun for me XD
typing at keyboard speeds on a touch screen usually leads to input system lag outs or crashes
That is too many.
Only because you're probably cute.
I was using and deleted an entire take where we played porn softly under our singer and slowly turned it up until he stopped and said "What the Fuck?" a whole conversation ensued.
with porn being recorded in the background.
and i accidentally deleted it all.
Enough.
Ladies and gentleman, you are experiencing what is quite possibly this year's contender for the title and rights to the username !
It only took him one word and another whole week to effectively prove his worth and convince us all that he is the best!
What a scholar, people!
boobs have deleted my life...
RUMHAM!
calm down no one really cares.
people probably just think you're really awkward now -- which is true considering how much you have been overthinking and overanalyzing.
next time you go to class, smile if you make eye contact with someone.
maintain a pleasant demeanor.
you don't have to TALK to anyone if that's too much for you but just don't overthink so much.
AND STAND UP STRAIGHT!
damn him to hell, he was such a tease.
please follow rule 1 and repost.
Meh, two weeks ago I stepped blindly knee-deep into a bog.
Stay away from nature!
not that much really, it was the time and the embarrassment (and anger) that was worse.
i would give up sleep for pork.
Stay inside.
Reddit more 0.0
Just over a year ago, I rode my bike INTO the Earth full force :( I now have a synthetic ligament in my shoulder.
I don't think he was serious, just blowing off steam.
That sucks bro, good luck with it :(
You're sound angry.
Am I to assume you're also a self loathing homosexual?
Maybe just someone who hasn't completely come out yet and directs his rage at the undeserved when really they're angry at their perceived non-acceptance by their peers and family?
Maybe you're just an infuriated dude who likes to take out his rage on the internet because in real life you're just a weak minded and bodied nancy boy?
Either way, I see you're a Fan.
Same Here.
boobs?
COMBO.
Nature is out to get us all.
I don't understand what you hit your head on in that ball?
So you know you can shake your ipad for a quick undo or press the ".123" key to bring up the undo button, right?
Did you died?
Well see, I would feel bad if you weren't just straight up lying.
Here is the original comment that person made.
"I'm a female and I have a twin sister.
Every party/bar we go to together, some stranger we've never met before is bound to ask us, "Do ya'll do threesomes?" Fuck you.
That's our business, not your's.
If we wanted to we'd let you know.
Also we're not porn stars and that's incest, in my opinion.
Do you fuck your siblings, you sick fuck?
makes me furious, if you couldn't tell..."
They aren't raging at men, or say anything about how they are pigs or say anything about how they only thing about sex.
You invented ALL OF THAT.
They also never mention a GENDER of the person asking them.
They very well could be propositioned by a female.
YOU invented the gender which just makes you automatically sexist.
On top of that, her main issue is that a threesome with her sister is incest.
I wish I had seen this post not 5 days afterwards so that your link karma could also have been crushed.
You have mislead a thread of people with your lies.
You actually are MORE sexist than the commenter you were speaking of.
I had a tumor growing from my toe bone so they took off my toenail and drilled a cone into the nail bed taking out all the tissue from my nail bed down to the bone.
And then it grew back.
And then I kicked a table and it ripped off again.
Now I'm getting it back for the second time.
I'll always have half a nail because the nail bed was damaged during the surgery.
That's why it tore off so easily with a kick...
facebook for megan bee.
In one fluid motion.
Dead Dove?
That sad moment when even gays have to bend over backwards in the name of equality...for themselves.
One time I told my mom I held no anger towards people who didn't support gay marriage, because they deserved their opinions to be respected too.
She then went on to tell me how disrespectful that was towards gay people.
I guess she forgot I'm a lesbian.
So express your opinion.
Just don't forget that someone's gonna get mad about it.
I give you an upvote because I'm awkward as hell talking in front of people too.
But hey, if there's any upside, most chicks love gay guys xD
You get an upvote for fellow lesbianism...and because that's something I'd totally do :(
I did a walk and got a blister under my toe, ended up just ripping off the toenail because it was annoying me.
that girl sounds tougher than lot of people :p
At least it removed 3 times the bacteria
Road Laws (in at least) state that you are only to stop for animals if it's safe (i.e.
will not cause a collision with another vehicle if you emergency brake.) If it unsafe for you to stop, you are supposed to run over the animal.
This of course depends on the size of the animal, because if it is big enough to cause significant damage then you should stop.
is correct though, he/she should have hit the dog.
It's the dog owners fault for not having their dog on a leash on what is clearly a busy road, probably a dual carriageway.
As for the lady driver, it is shocking that she is claiming whiplash when it was obviously just a minor bump.
I feel sorry , and hope the bitch lady driver is brought to justice.
It has actually worked for me.
turn of events.
Have you considered seeing a counselor or other professional to help you cope?
nice streak man, did you get a reward?
I live in the UK and own firearms and personally cant beleive that you leave a loaded gun under your bed?
I've set a process in motion and then reaped the rewards of not being perfect recently.
I was making some construction toys out of wood on a CNC machine.
And even though it was on my own time and my own hobby project the anger I had at myself was immense.
because I knew how to do the right thing, but just didn't want to.
Hell, I even told myself out-loud "Test these puppies in small scale before you cut the whole thing.", but nooo I got impatient and wasted time and wood :(
tl;dr scumbag brain, scumbag brain everywhere
The inside of the ball.
( ), but then ( then ( but then (
This is how I saw it in my mind.
I did that once, but put an inch cut on my inner leg..
xP
Fuck, now I want a ham hock
I almost laughed for no reason at my great grandfathers funeral..
I bit my cheek so hard i though id put a hole in it lol
I am still confused as to how this was my fault that the cat got into my room and found them.
I didnt do it.
But, fuck it shit happens.
I have nothing to say about how you fucked up.
But I must say I am very interested about this temporal employment agency.
I have always wanted to get into temporal criminal justice or even time crime.
Both fine choices if you ask me.
ctrl z?
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah this story rules
better luck next time
Hm you might try and apply for ( then
thanks brah.
Sounds like an arse to me.
Sure falling asleep is an unusual and not particularly well advised move, but if I discovered one of my potential employees asleep outside my office I'd take an interest.
It could have been because you were working 14 hours a day over three jobs, indicating you aren't lazy at all.
Just dismissing you for sleeping is pretty crappy.
The surface of the water/the ball
Burger King, so it was really all worth it.
I don't have to do any writing either, so that's a bonus.
B REAKER
On the plus side, it can't get any worse than that :D
i think the guy in this gif represents my reaction pretty well.
is that bad of me?
MULTIKILL
I.e.
they look for reasons to not employ just so they can get through the interviews faster.
I thought I was the only neurotic person in the world who fears insects or anything with wings flying by my ears.
The sound of the buzzing and/or the little wings flapping freaks me the fuck out.
Thanks for your encouragement!
But this is germany where I live at and appearances matter a lot and usually people dont put much thought into anything at all.
at manual jobs it seems to be very easy to give someone the impression that you are "lazy".
Here, have an upvote.
Yeah, it shows poor judgement skills imo.
There couldve been a few reasons like you said, he couldve been working 14 hours the day before, he couldve even been in the hospital with a relative all night.
How much of a prick would the guy feel if he was told the reason why the guy was sleeping was that he spent 10 hours in the hospital with a relative and came straight from there.
M O N S T E R K I L L
right back at ya
When I pictured you doing all of these things, I pictured you as
I'm not sure what it's like in your country, but in my country, if you rear end someone, even if they swerve in front of you, it's your fault, not the car in front of you.
So you may be OK depending on how the law goes..
EDIT: Notice someone else also said similar after I posted this.
I'm German myself and if I was to hire someone who clearly is that unexcited about a job interview with me, I wouldn't want to hire him.
Warms my heart when the joke I was going to make is the top comment.
Good show sir.
Im gonna guess you don't employ many people.
When someone applies at my shop and they act like they don't give 2 fks whether or not I hire them...I'll hire the guy that wants to work.
Nappy time is not during job hunting time.
the case, if someone tries pulling this shit with me, you can bet your ass I'll have to be hauled away by someone.
For god's sake, if a car is rear ended and receives no damage, how the hell could someone inside possibly get whiplash, seatbelt or not.
feels like they have a "odd sense of humor" that others don't get.
The fact is, that joke is obviously a joke, but it sticks into your brain.
You should have raped her, because no one would be stupid enough to tape it and post it on the internet.
It's the only way!
O V E R K I L L.
btw have you seen my bike?
can't find it since you last vsited
for feeling the need to put "not in that way" in parentheses.
You're a guy on reddit unless you state otherwise.
That's just how it is.
If you run a business you want to make money.
If you hire lazy workers you lose money.
Ooooh makes so much more sense now.
I thought hang on, if you hit your head against the wall, wouldn't it just move forward?
But no, you hit the water.
That sucks mate.
All accidents aside, I don't like your home defense plan.
Part of it consists of using a shotgun with a lethal round on a non-lethal manner.
If you aren't prepared to kill someone DO NOT SHOOT THEM WITH A SHOTGUN.
And I'm not saying that because I want anyone to survive breaking into your house.
I want you to shoot them if necessary.
Or not shoot them if not necessary.
You could talk yourself into facing criminal charges.
Keep it simple.
Home invader?
Shoot to kill, unless you determine they do not need to be killed, in that case develop a plan that does not involve firing a shotgun, but prepared to escalate to lethal force.
Never ever ever tell us you are 16.
Duly noted.
It really is the most god awful sound!
I have no idea where i developed the irrational fear but nonetheless it has made me look like an idiot sometimes..
Your first clue should have been when the "girl" you were texting suggested to meet up for coffee AND doughnuts.
You done fucked up, OP.
Also, make sure that you're not stressed out or burned out.
, absolutely hilarious.
you've made my day, i couldn't stop laughing!
This is what happens when you hang around a loud and arrogant circle-jerk lol
everyone knows you take an adderall before a job interview
That's a productive day.
Well done!
You lost or someone stole your phone.
Stick to that story.
I appreciate the concern, but I think you misunderstood the plan - the birdshot is so I don't have to deal with the guilt, not because of legal ramifications.
I live in - a bean-bag round is considered lethal force if used in self defense.
is the same as buckshot as far as CA courts are concerned, but if I can wound rather than kill someone intent on inflicting great bodily harm, I'd prefer that.
If it doesn't stop after the first shot, all the follow ups are slugs.
So, the guy on the leash told you that you were fucked up for pissing in a dressing room!?
Enough of your (
This post was so weirdly cryptic, and yet I understood everything way more than I wish I did.
Yeah, it was a pretty productive day.
is a fantastic band by the way.
My username is just a joke.
This will be an interesting family reunion, Eh?
Im sorry for your loss
Thanks for this - needed a clearer perspective.
Haha yes!
I love the fact that this post is NSFW either!
I like typing in iOS so much better.
But when I program, i feel like it would be damn near impossible on a touch screen haha.
I like this comment a lot.
I want to give you more upvotes, but alas...I cannot.
I was a blue guy.
What were you?
How'd those exams go haha?
It is Fate that has reunited you two.
selection is onto you mate.
Ugh, not explicit yet received understood.
Mental imagery all too vivid :(
On the other hand, applying toothpaste to your nipples results in rather pleasant and mildly exhilarating sensation.
I've done the exact same thing with the hand sanitizer..
worst thing ever.
I'd like to know what things you did say
Total fuckedness we could all weigh
An unfortunate switch
But hindsight's a bitch
Maybe he's actually gay
that really sucks, sorry for you.
How's the job market in doing?
Quite well.
The last news that I heard was that sunk under the 3 mark.
Theres always a job for practically anyone.
I wouldn't call this a TIFU.
Don't feel bad by that you had to wait for them.
even for people napping during a job interview?
Lol I kid, good luck next time!
, I have been preemptively contacted by them.
the resume I will send them in the future wont peak their interest...
At least now, I won't feel bad about not bothering this time.
How considerate of them really.
If they can't stay awake when they have nothing to do, how will they stay awake when they have something to do?
Yes, I think it's some sort of rite of passage if you're a guy.
I think the lack of detail actually made this more vivid in my mind because my imagination was able to run wild.
Bring in some pdfs to read.
That should help, and looks like you're doing work in passing.
Even better if the PDFs are related to your job field.
My daughter and wife have the same fear of flying stuff.
Hey, thanks for this tip.
I've been trying to figure out how to stay busy in the slow times at work.
At least you had the whole workday to blame.
I drove to 7-Eleven and walked back once.
I was in the store for two minutes.
a good way to lower your bandwidth co, consumption is to disable images loading for website and then add exceptions for sites that are needed
So, just go back in time and wake yourself up.
The term is 'pique' just so you know.
I'm not trying to be an asshole or anything.
Don't feel too bad if it was technical writing or data entry.
Your refusal to use punctuation or watch your spelling would've sealed your fate during the skills assessment.
else seems to understand the crypticness of it, but I can't : what happened?
He shat himself
waddled to a portapotty
tried to clean himself with the toilet paper, failed
Found hand sanitizer and successfully cleaned his pants with it
Tried to clean his asshole with said hand sanitizer
like a little girl (because his asshole was burning)
Ahhh right, got it.
The "chassis" part confused me, and the "little girl" bit threw me off.
a little girl had seen him dacks down, cleaning himself.
It's uh...
late.
I blame that.
EDIT: I've also never tried to clean my asshole or cock with hand sanitiser, so wasn't aware of that kind of reaction, hah.
Guess I know now to avoid it in the future!
This same shit happened to me.
assholes.
You can get a smart phone and use that instead of your browser to replace some content consumption.
You sure branch off.
that was a hell of a block of text.
Get unlimited data plan and bring a laptop and tether it.
And you could do the same with Flash too.
guessing you are a chick?
Just what I was thinking.
Sounds like it didn't work out for Opie.
Cyrils: Hello Cheryl.
Cheryl: It's Carol.
Archer: Uh, since when?
Cheryl: Since I had it legally changed because you always call me Carol.
Belts are amazing.
No excuse to not wear one.
I even wear a belt to sleep.
It's the only thing I sleep in.
belts!
You were just asking for it.
I have experience with button-less pants.
I tend to pop buttons into the pool of water in the bottom of urinals, its happened to me twice now.
It's funny as hell when I'm standing right there, not so much when I'm trying to replace that pair of pants.
I think and imgur would ruin that.
Isn't this a scene from Kiss Kiss Bang Bang?
o.o
I have no idea.
Never seen that movie.
The fact that someone thinks my life is like makes me feel...
okay, I guess, except I'd be playing an awkward Cera-esque role.
What a nightmare.
I'm terribly worried this might happen to me.
I'm in a big company, almost no internet required other than e-mail or looking up products maybe.
I do a terrible amount of redditing, sometimes end up opening NSFW stuff by accident...
It's a matter of time really.
haha I would still use it.
I had kind of the same problem.
iphone + reddit app = saved my life.
Welp, I'll admit that's somewhat similar, except I don't have the suavity Robert Downey jr.
exudes with every word that tumbles from his perfect lips, and all her bitchy friends were too busy getting drunk in the kitchen to put me down for no reason.
You posted this from work, didn't you?
The username makes this post...
you should write books
This is why you pee in the shower.
G O D L I K E
you didn't experience true pain until falling on top of nettle, that's nature's best pain givving plant(my opinion)
Idk man, I think you still could have flipped it.
You have a trash bin but you were going to flush the soap bar wrapper down the toilet?
"naughtgranny23"
Not a good visual.
red...started with charmander..you cant compare a big turtle to a fire breathing dragon..
Urine is sterile after all
no dude, i threw the soap bar wrapper in the shower and then the soap in the toilet.
i think my brain just screwed up the item/action associations.
wrapper - shower, soap - toilet, flush - trash bin.
what you need to do is make your way to the commissary and buy some new underpants.
you should have at least 36 pairs.
also as a professional in this field, i can assure you, there is no such thing as "dirty jeans".
no matter how long you wear them for, or how much mustard you get on the legs, they are still clean enough for casual wear.
so had you done it right, you would have thrown the wrapper in the toilet and the soap in the shower - which still doesn't make sense.
Who just throws bars of soap into the shower like you're about the wrestle it?
My porn folder is in my home folder.
It is called porn.
Man that totally could have worked out in your favour if you played it right instead of going home to rub one out.
should have mentioned this earlier: she's dating one of my other friends, so...
, he was one of the folks I was hanging out with before these unfortunate events unfolded.
Upvote for the Black Stout by Co.
It's my #1 favorite beer.
immediately what it made me think of.
Watch that movie.
It is wonderful.
I would have given him a shot personally, and she sounds pretty cool about it.
cycle each letter to the left one so as to make
wrapper - shower, soap - toilet, flush - trash bin
becomes:
soap - shower, flush - toilet, wrapper - trashbin
clearly nobody throws bars of soap into the shower like that - I threw the wrapper in
My friend and I are still in fits after reading this...flushing the trash bin!
Milk in the pantry, corn flakes in the fridge.
The next morning blows.
Know whats worse than than and then?
Effect vs.
Affect.
Kills everyone.
Why didn't you flush the toilet right away??
I definitely sent a follow-up email as soon as I could.
I'd call them, but the store hasn't opened up yet!
Not sure if they have a number to call as of yet...
, do your best to improve, move on.
For the love of all things weird, wonderful and wrong DO NOT ATTEMPT.
If you want a less painful example, light a cactus on fire then sit on it.
In our large WAN infrastructure, with a centralized link to the internet, using lots of bandwidth can slow down legitimate uses considerably.
I would subscribe.
I tried to express it cleanly and vividly.
I can now celebrate my first post that hasn't been down voted to bedrock.
You must work for Cliff Notes.
But how would my Guild Wars 2 toon get geared and leveled?
Your name + comment made me interested.
Stuff feels cool and refreshing on you hands.
Has a nice whiff to it as well.
As I applied, , to my bum I muttered "For science"
that sounds like SUCH a bad idea
I type 100 words per minute on keyboard, and probably 40 on a touchscreen
This one time a bottle of shampoo that I had on the top of the toilet took a plunge right into the bowl after I had pissed.
I was all WELP and just reached into the bowl, pulled it out and rinsed it under some water for a few seconds.
Good as new!
Urine is sterile, after all.
Hah, duly noted!
Sounds horrible.
So what happened?
Were you able to wash it away?
Or did it burn for a long time?
Yes, a stranger is asking about your anus on the internet, how do you feel?
Bosses?
You might have a mental disorder of not being able to recognize faces.
I once made a 'your mom' joke, only to remember that the guy I did that to was none other than my identical twin (he asked "what're you doin'?"), meaning that...
I do the same thing ahhahahahhahahhaha, that wonderful.
I would have fucked her.
I don't see the harm.
I don't understand why this got no upvotes, this is so funny
hahahahahahha the fart was so bad that you had to get out
hate boobs sometimes
they are a different species.
They are the only group without any neanderthal DNA.
That last one there.
She was a little more dressed up than usual, but not unrecognizably so.
I actually thought about that when I was writing this, as I just read about that one.
, this is the first time this has happened, so hopefully I'm no crazier than I already know I am.
And soap is, soap.
the stinging subsided enough for me to open my eyes, and take a breath.
I attempted to wipe what was left away but the John Wane toilet paper, that comes stock, felt like 9 grit sand paper on a fresh burn.
with much fanning of my fanny and gathering what was left of my manhood I belted up and went back to work like nothing happened.
No one made me aware that they heard, or suspected anything, and I didn't volunteer any information.
it was an arguing couple and nothing bad happened to her.
Don't beat yourself up over it.
Well, that's what I was thinking..
But I've seen some pretty violent boyfriends.
So you should have peed in the trash bin.
True.
My first thought when I read your story was about my ex.
He used to do that to me so I understand why you'd think like that.
Hope you can get some sleep though.
Wouldn't it still connect to their internet?
Or are smartphones that good now?
, dood.
Don't let it get you down.
Race is a construct?
on if they're using wifi or 3G/4G.
Wifi, yes, you're right, but 3G/4G, no.
I have done this countless times.
See, that was your out from TIFU-dom.
Just a simple "wow, you sure clean up nice!" or something equally silly to make it seem like she looks so much prettier today that she was literally unrecognizable.
Easy to Monday morning quarterback it though...
I'm barely required to use anything other than e-mail at my work, I probably use several gigs a day.
I'm still waiting for them to realise.
I do try to cut down though, I bring in my kindle or work out.
Come to think of it, I have a heck of a lot of down time.
I somehow fail to see why this would require reposting half an hour later.
SNAFU or what?
Sorry, are you a guy or a girl, because it potentially matters as to whether or not she would have felt "safer" with you.
sorry to be that blunt but i guess thats how girls do feel about strangers (most girls, and if the stranger is a guy).
hope its all good with her, and hope you could get some shut eye.
Better watch the news today to see if they've found her body yet.
I fixed it up.
First time posting from my phone and had some issues with the captcha, wasn't even sure if it submitted.
All sorted out now but.
Self post anyway, no karma, no point anyway.
A guy.
Yeah, I could've probably kicked this guys ass, if that's what your saying.
I'm tall and broad.
You morbid bastard.
I think "naughtgranny23" sounds quite erotic.
My bum weeps for your pain...
Well not literally, that'd be pretty gross.
please follow rule 1 and repost.
Hey mate sorry about that, it's my first link and I did it from my phone.
I learnt my lesson.
no probs!
just start the post with "TIFU" in the title at the start like the rest of the posts.
Have you considered counseling to help you deal with the trauma?
"I know what you're thinking at this point.
'You were just asking for it.' and truly, I am just a complete and total dumb ass."
Quite long, worth the read.
One hell of a good TIFU.
It was like trying to get substitution logic!
You are not wrong for your concern.
+5 humanity.
Gotta weigh the possibility that creeping into a situation makes you the creeper.
She passed up the opportunity to reach out to you, I would have called moops then and walked on.
Kudos on appropriate follow up.
This is very insightful, and makes the a lot of sense.
And if she was in any danger, she probably would've taken the initiative and said something.
I'm all for altruism, but I would have done the exact same thing in your situation.
I suppose she asked for it, in which case, so what?
A few smokes isn't going to do jack squat to a developing fetus.
The ( is an amazing organ and one cigarette is not likely to overwhelm its capacity.
Source for the bit about and the epicanthic fold?
It's not your fault man.
Well, that can be dangerous, but if she felt threatened, she would have walked to where there are people.
To the gas station you were talking about, or even just with you.
For you being a girl, he really wouldn't care less and you didn't really fuck up at all.
In all seriousness though...a 38 year old.
I mean, surely you can find someone younger..
OP says she was dating another friend of his at the time.
don't worry if she wanted to smoke she would ave gotten a ciarette from somewhere else
I've been beating myself up all morning.
I can't decide if I should apologize or act like I don't remember or just crawl into a hole.
And the age gap was on purpose :) I'm trying something new.
You're
For what it's worth, I'll never forget the time I respected that pets limit--I regret it completely.
Well, the 'helper' dog ended up running away/getting stolen, and now I miss her so much.
I'd give anything for those 9 months back with her.
So don't feel bad.
You did a good thing, and although that sucks, you did what was best in your heart.
For a guy they really wouldn't care...a 38 year old could be different buuut most wouldn't care as long as there is a chance for intimacy etc.
Now, if it was the other way around, it would be way different which is why it sucks being male.
Fair enough, what made you decide on that?
I would think it was cute that you drunk texted me.
Drunk minds speak with sober hearts
I always thought older guys were kinda hot and I figure they're a lot more "experienced" than guys in the early 20s so why not?
Any advice as to how I should damage control?
Text?
It was probably less cute I was trying to get him to buy me and my friends beer.
I have no idea why I was asking, thats really not like me :(
Just be normal, there isn't any damage control to be done cause nothing has been damaged.
Just be normal and request another meetup i suppose.
Haha normal.
I will try my hardest!
I would suggest apologizing for it.
Don't text, definitely call or say it in person.
You can even joke around about it, and then say how great the date went for you as well.
The guy above honestly seems pretty immature.
If a girl texted me like that, I personally wouldn't care as I am a very laid back guy, but there are definitely guys that would.
It might show a sign of immaturity to him, which as he is older, can come off negatively.
what most people say, after the teens and sometimes early 20s, guys don't just look at something to put their dick into and excuse everything else.
I don't think your guy will be mad or anything, but I definitely say you should apologize.
If anything, it shows you care/like him enough to do so.
He probably thought it was funny, etc, but it doesn't hurt to apologize, and hey, maybe even casually "leave the option open"
Well the reason I said text is thats always been how we've communicated until we met in person last night (and I mean all day, every day) so he seems pretty okay with it.
I will definitely apologize though, do you think I should wait until he texts me and then joke about it, or send one first?
Don't worry, she wasn't pregnant, just oddly plump.
Hmm, I'm not entirely sure, I need a little bit more information.
How long ago did this happen?
(if you said in your post, I wasn't paying attention then) And have either of you talked since?
Or just have you been talking, and neither of you mentioned it?
, I would like a girl to call, as just as a guy calling shows confidence to a girl, the reverse is true as well, but he may be different.
If you want, I'm sure texting would be just fine.
I mean you can say something like "Hey, I'm really sorry about , I got a little too drunk and kind of made a fool of myself lol.
But I just wanted to say that I had a really good time as well, and I'd definitely like to go on another date :)" or something to that effect.
I honestly would not have a problem with this, and not even just because I have a habit of doing the same thing when I'm drunk.
I would, however, give you shit for it :P
It happened last night and we haven't spoken since.
This makes me the most nervous because I usually wake up with a good morning text from him and I haven't heard anything.
Don't be too nervous, don't worry.
I doubt it really mattered to him that much.
But what you did just seems to be a mishap from getting drunk.
But personally, I think you should be the first to message him/call him to apologize.
It will show that you know you messed up a bit, and have the confidence to admit that.
Along with the fact that you show you care enough to keep it going.
I will say, there isn't a 100% guarantee that it is going to work out, as there never is.
But you definitely should at least message him to apologize and explain you had a really great time and would like to have another date or something.
I honestly want to hear how it turns out.
I'd love it if you could keep me informed :).
Hahah, no nothing that bad, I kept calling and then apologizing for it?
And then I wanted him to pick me up.
I'm really not sure what my drunk-self was getting at.
Okay message sent, so now its the waiting game.
I just made a joke out of it so I guess I just have to hope for the best.
Ahhh I'm so nervous.
Thanks for all your help and I will definitely keep you updated!
cool, that sounds good :).
It doesn't sound too bad.
I personally would find it kind of funny, and make fun of you for it the next day lol.
But thanks!
:D, I always like giving advice to people, but always wonder how it turns out when they never respond haha.
But I'm gonna go shower/do a few errands, let me know what happens :)
Kinda sounds like you were just blowing him up just about buying beer?
Which might be a little different, I don't know what I would say, unless there was a "come see and bring beer text", then that would be cute..Was he texting you back at all?
No, I think he was asleep, or trying to be at least.
I'm just worried because I usually wake up with a text from him and nothing this morning, or all day.
We've only been talking since Monday so I'm thinking he's like "oh shit, stage 5 clinger, I'm out"
Ah ok I gotcha.
Well, I don't really think you have anything to worry about.
I texted him and tried to be cute/flirty about it.
to get a text back sucks though :(
had this happen in an even worse way.
for a solid week in high school, this girl went around bumming smokes off everyone she could get them from, including me.
I found out later that she had been purposefully trying to kill an early pregnancy.
any truth to this?
its what she kept on smoking.
do say this, but there isn't a lot of science behind it.
I'm pretty sure that wouldn't work.
Update: Sent the text an hour and a half ago and nothing...
I'm starting to get worried =/
in canadian currency!!!
But don't worry, he might just be busy.
An hour and a half isn't long at all haha.
I understand why you're a bit nervous though, so it's normal.
But don't worry, I'm sure he will respond.
If he is a guy that's actually worth your time, he would give you the decency to at least message you back.
Out of curiosity, how did you two meet anyway?
do NOT send another one!
Just trust me when I say, don't send another asking like "Hey did you get the first?" or something.
As hard as it is, just wait.
If you send another, it may come off as clingy.
Just relax and wait :), patience is the best weapon in the dating game.
I'm about to go out to buy my mother a present, but I'll be back in like 30 minutes or so.
If he hasn't responded back by then, I'd be happy to talk with you to make the time go faster if you want :).
10/10, would fap to again
PM me when you get back and I'll tell you the story of how we met.
Its kinda interesting...
And don't worry I won't send another, the goal is to prove I'm not a crazy clinger :)
Some phones have fast connectivity to the .
The latest android, apple, and windows phones bolster connectivity that can load and on their respective data plans.
Of course, there's a data limit.
If you aren't up to date it's worth a look to see the current state of smart phones now.
No matter what you get you definitely can't go wrong, especially with what you are looking to do.
The verge is a good source for the latest news.
You can also search the subreddits iPhone and android for information.
Not sure of there's one for the new windows os.
Haven't looked into it yet.
I'd look at straight talk for a provider if your consumption is on the conservative side.
Think it's 45 a month for unlimited across the board with a phantom bandwidth cap.
Hope this helps!
minimum in ohio is 7.40 where are YOU at?
when you throw drugs and alcohol into the mix, apparently it did
That's what my doctor told me while I was pregnant with my daughter.
That the stress of quitting on top of all the other stress I was dealing with would have done more harm to the baby than a few cigarettes.
He strongly urged that I cut back, so I did.
My daughter is now 9 years old, and is perfectly healthy.
There is not a thing wrong with her.
Yeah - I hate when girls text me after a date and want to drink and have sex.
You are terrible!
Just hope they don't drug test :P
Oh the advantages of working in IT.
to 2012 I guess.
Your problem is that he's 38.
Now you see, I'm a 21 year old guy, and if a girl told me to drink and have sex, I'd be all on that.
Sounds like a great night.
Yeah I just realized that.
I was feeling better because everyone who was commenting was saying it wasn't a big deal, but they're all guys in their 20s.
I have yet to hear from him so I'm pretty sure I blew it.
well if you just met him and you're already basically asking him to buy you things..
yeah I could see how that may have killed your chances.
Men tend to get pissed off when they get treated like a bank account.
Sorry to say but as soon as he saw that he probably thought, well this relationship is going nowhere fast..
nah, bro.
she came across as a gold digger.
No, you're right.
I would have felt the same way.
Im really not usually like that I have no idea where it came from.
What's it been like since the hookup?
your back together or what?
it's been less than 24 hours idk yet
I'm assuming u regret it and you ain't trying to get back together ?
doesn't matter...
HAD SEX!!
but really no.
I haven't really talked to her yet.
we may just keep having casual sex.
idk
Don't blame yourself, blame the corporations.
, there was also this girl I knew who would smoke while during her pregnancy time - no matter how much I told her to quit, she seemed either not to listen or care.
Some people just don't listen, you can't convince them.
I feel sorry for the newcomers.
The real question here is: how do you feel about it?
Do you still like her?
The reason for the break up is still present?
Got the same advice...
She said that her doctor sized her up and that when she said she wondered about ONE cigarette, or half of her husband's, once every day or so...
and he knew she was a stress-er and she WOULD limit it to that few, and he'd rather she did that rather than just sit there and jones.
I love her, and the reason is still very much there.
we realized that while we love each other very much we are too different to be able to be married and have it last
You need to think if you can't really work around those differences.
So the question becomes if you 2 are in the disposition of working towards setting aside these differences.
On the other hand, if you actually didn't miss her for 3 weeks (didn't you?), that could have been just a relapse.
we both love each other.
but our differences are to the very core of who we are.
and that is why we can't be together
When they fell out, you should have been like "THAT IS THE LAST TIME I LET STEVE BORROW MY CAR!!!"
GIDDY UP
I hope i'm not taking this too long but, if you are open to discuss it of course, what kind of differences are we talking about?
She was your fiance, you guys were engaged.
So, there is something definitely there.
That you need to at least sit down with her and talk to her about it.
I came here expecting a fuck up, perhaps a pregnancy scare or something.
I got a story about someone who's upset about getting laid.
Then her mom called and apparently had my leather jacket.
It belonged to my and was left to me.
So i met with her to get it and talk a little.
We decided to go for a walk and talk about the break up and how each other is doing.
so far is going ok.
Im quite disappointed about this mistake of mine.
Would have been a hell of a story.
seems like your fault
"we may just keep having casual sex.
idk"
oh you silly silly bitch
its the situation surrounding it that is the fuck up
if i slept with her mom it would have been a total fuck up
or it didn't happen
Yeah I did stupid things in high school too.
Its a lot sweeter if you wait until you can drive legitimately.
Then you dont start with a messed up driving record.
Cops mess with you once you have a driving record.
I have a feeling Reddit and my inability to not click on NSFW links had alot to do with it.
LOTS of pinning.
I like to multi-task, but apparently my managers aren't on the same page.
No, I waited until I got home, but then the next day I was antsy all day because I couldn't check to see if people had commented!
We're a non-profit.
Using alot of bandwith doesn't only affect the IT dept with their work, it affects the phone lines as well.
Can I live with you?
sure.
I'll prep a bed
lol nice nick
Have you done a lot in the past to cause your dad to distrust you?
is a far more dangerous teratogen.
Never, ever, ever keep having casual sex with an ex, unless there's absolutely no emotions involved, even then I don't think I would.
I've learned my lesson bout that
I fucked up in a similar way recently.
I turn around, areyouserious.jpg expression already plastered on my face, and blow smoke all over a pregnant woman.
upon realizing what i did feelsbadman.jpg as she quickly and angrily strode into the ER.
I tossed my smoke and waited a while before going back in so we wouldn't run into each other again.
Isn't that what this subreddit is for?
Sex after a break-up?
Pretty sure that's standard operating procedure.
From what understand TIFU posts make you feel bad for the OP.
I want to say yes?
But no?
Pop the clutch at the bottom of the hill, then you guarantee (almost) a start every time, regardless of the health of the battery or starter.
The fact that you used makes me think it will be easier for you than in the US.
Wouldn't have chosen to be the one to give it to her, though.
ah that sucks.
Then again, I don't have a daughter myself, and I would never want that kind of nightmare lol
explain?
she's just fat, bro.
with holes, fertility drugs, etc.
Well she's my baby mama for one.
We had been together for 7 yrs, married for maybe 2 of those.
Turns out she was fucking psycho.
So we tried to work it out to no avail and kept on having casual sex.
It's unhealthy emotionally.
She had mental problems and it just wasn't working out.
One of the major things that sticks out in my mind and was the last straw, we shared custody of our daughter, so I had her every weekend.
Turns out that her and her younger sister were trying to kill each other, literally and very seriously.
My daughter is standing at the front door in nothing but her fully loaded diaper and filthy as I've never seen her before, and she was just balling her eyes out.
That sight just crushed my heart man.
Turns out my ex tried to throw a knife at her sister as she came in front door, turns out it was her dad, and he picked up and threw back at her.
I had enough.
to say, I have full physical and legal custody of her.
Even her own aunt told me that if I didn't do anything that she would call CPS.
I have more stories if you'd like, but it's quite a bit
Did you get a date?
He said she said
Except that one of us gets all his mail at this address.
It's not like a mugging in some random alley.
Not sure about other states, but it's shoot to stop in , not shoot to kill...
Had me convinced of that at "tried to steal my dad's car".
And he's caught you trying to take his car before?
Not cool.
Hill start it?
I did something similar some years back.
a girl at a party who smiled at me.
I wander over and start talking to her.
Lot's of laughing, smiles, her touching me...
then she asks "You don't remember me do you?"
Banged her about 18 months previously.
She still banged me again though.
I wish I were young and pretty with lovely hair again :[
How about open your fucking eyes when you're driving?
drivers like you are why I'm afraid to take my beetle out on the road, and why my daily driver has a fat dent on the fender.
I apologize if I inconvenienced you in any way.
From what I understand, I think a "you had it coming" is better suited here.
What you should do is apologise.
The best way is to constantly call him- call, text and be sure to leave plenty of voicemails.
If he's at work make sure you know his lunch break times to call him some more until he answers.
If you know where he works then wait outside until he finishes.
It will show him you care loads.
Older guys like this.
I agree, if you're in your car and it's a reclusive enough spot to get away with sex with your GF then surely it's a reclusive enough spot to throw your jonnies out the window.
You sir, are a credit to the environment.
If not to public decency.
Double win.
Slow clap
AND NOW HE'S BUFF
Don't fuck with a man's automobile.
Glad you're not my son.
That's so incredibly disrespectful towards the man that helps raise you and provides for you.
Man up and knock that shit off.
You mean total win.
I don't see a fuckup here, but upvotes for having sex!
You can go pee now
The car was occupied.
We went through cops and insurance.
A note would've seemed a little excessive and weird at that point.
I'm so sorry, that is awful.
Thank you so much for telling me that though!
I get so much "you shouldn't have done that, what did you expect?" It's frustrating.
And I keep second-guessing myself for creating this mess.
But thank you.
to popular belief, I don't actually drive with my eyes closed.
is, however, accurate, but I have pills for that.
Haha, this reminds me of the time I tried to teach myself stick shift using the car that belonged to the person I was housesitting for.
I then proceeded to turn the car around and get up the hill in 1st gear, stalling the car out every 10 feet or so.
Not one of my proudest moments.
When I parked the car in the driveway again, I made sure to put everything back as it was.
A month after I finished housesitting though, I realized I never moved the driver's seat back to where she had it.
If she knew, she never said anything.
I hope I didn't totally fuck up her car.
Then what are you doing now?!
I'm not american, but is it legal to shoot indoors?
Wow, psycho, but good on ya for getting custody.
"quick!
hit delete while shes not lookin" says one boob to the other
"done, and done" says the boob
"now for sure she will have to revise her thoughts on this " agree the boobs
now they wait happily for thier next performance
boobs know best
Not necessarily true, there needs to be enough energy in the battery to energize the computers and excite the alternator.
an exciter current, the alternator won't put out any voltage and there'll be nothing to power the rest of the circuits.
So basically, you need a little bit of battery voltage in order to bump start a car, but not a lot.
Of bowel continence
Holy shit what a story.
Don't be ashamed though.
People are disgusted by things that is none of their business and don't know about.
That woman above you was nice enough to help, but will judge you because she does not understand.
Yeah, I don't feel bad for you.
Don't steal your parents car.
Why do you continue to do something you know you should not be doing?
stalling doesnt really damage the car, how you managed to move and then stall while moving, in first gear though..
what were you doing?
I'm so glad that here in the UK it is the done thing to learn in a manual, automatic doesn't really seem like driving to me..
Switch to handcuffs next time?
Hahaha "pulled a Bill O'Reilly".
I know that some in the bondage community discourage alcohol consumption because of it's relation to consent.
Could also have to do with the fact that things like this happen.
Eating is one thing...
You doomed yourself with the movie.
From a male top/dom:
You're fine.
Some people don't get bondage and clearly that old lady was too old for it and the young lady was too young.
You were honest and clear.
Stop throwing up.
I still think you're cool.
Maybe don't pick girls up at the bar any more.
that was where we lost it
I believe that my daughter is in a great place now.
My g/f now treats her like her own, and I can't be thankful enough.
Try looking for people and bondage events near you on .com.
You should absolutely not be ashamed.
that being said, maybe next time make sure it's not on the first meeting.
Or perhaps you need to find out if there is some sort of sexually positive community center (here in we have an amazing one called the CSPC (or Center for Sex )).
There are also websites, like bondage.com, alt.com and also fetlife.com (fetlife is like a naughty facebook...
but has different areas, and where you can go to meetups and muches)
You did the right thing by asking...
but maybe she wasn't sober enough to understand, or maybe she just thought you were going to use silk scarves or something.
I was initially going to make a joke about the hardware store rope scaring her away...
but thought it might not be nice.
go to twistedmonk.com and see what he has to offer :)
Made me smile, that was needed, thanks :)
And I'm sure that the part where you didn't tie her up might get lost as well, but that's what rumors are designed for.
Their basis in fact is the reason that they are called rumors as opposed to truth.
I know it will be hard to begin with people giving you "looks" and whatnot, but they will get over it.
I've done some pretty stupid shit in my college days, but the people who are still my friends after the fact are the ones I would rather be around personally.
If there is a next time, this event, I fear will have a long lasting effect on my fetish.
But my reason still agrees with you, pink furr handcuffs are definetely less menacing than a rope I think.
Yeah, experience is the thing you acquire after needing it.
I heard that advice previously but never really paid attention, now I pay another price.
Thanks for your input.
Thank you for your classy comment, it helps to realize I did not completely fucked up.
This is a good TIFU.
I genuinely feel bad for OP.
OP IS THE HERO THAT TIFU NEEDS, BUT NOT THE HERO THAT WE DESERVE
If you were a novelty account you would be 'gradualrelationshipadvicepost'.
Thanks for your input and advice.
It felt great; I will definitely put bars and clubs on the side from now.
Yeah man, this is pretty tame stuff here.
If it makes you feel any better, I get extremely drunk quite often and say and do some of the most shameful stuff imaginable.
Even when I have consenting sex a lot of times, I'll wake up thinking "did I really just do that?" It sort of bothers me sometimes, you just get used to dealing with it I guess.
I'd say to you, don't let what other people think get in the way of who you are and what you like.
You didnt do anything wrong.
also ( is a place where you can find likeminded people.
I've met a couple girls from my area there and had a damn good time.
(This isn't a throwaway account, see, you get over the shame haha)
some of the looks aren't so bad, you'd be surprised how many women are intrigued about it.
Hey, I personally don't think you did anything wrong.
, she really did overreact.
You can't help what you're into.
Don't let this one isolated event totally make you feel awful, because I don't think you did anything wrong.
People cannot choose what their kinks/fettishes are, and it doesn;t make you any less of a person.
Thanks for your comment.
That's what I usually did with first timers, even if I always did talk about it on the first date.
It's just that her talking made me confident; I guess she expected scarfs instead of ropes but I clearly remember mentioning ropes.
Still I will stick with your advice, thanks again.
I would love to see something like this come to fruition in my day to day conversations.
I need to meet more people that are into bondage.
And I genuinely start to feel better because of your comment, thank you :)
Thanks for your comment, I will listen to your advice and keep being myself.
i mentioned it in my other comment.
I've had success there, still see one girl periodically.
I saw that.
I'm not into bondage though, so I might feel a bit out of place.
I'll check it out though.
I thought that was what you meant.
Yeah I'm not so into bondage either, just the dom/sub stuff.
but its all there
I think the girl was just in it for the free cab ride.
That site is like the reddit for BDSM it seems.
you may be right.
even has a GW section.
and I'm sure there have got to be some good TIFU stories on there
Thank you for your input, it helps.
As I replied to nurta, her talking and attitude was really positive towards bondage.
As we left the club she told me she did not wanted to go home and wanted me to kidnap her, I whispered to her that she had to be obedient if that's what she wanted.
When we arrived, I gently pushed her against the wall and she spontaneously put her hands in her back.
At that point I was pretty sure she was at least fantasying on being tied up, after a few other hints and long preliminaries, I opened up and the rest is history in my post.
In addition, I'm really bad in dating on the net.
Or rather I'm way better IRL.
Still, I may at least give them a try again, if only to meet people with whom I can share this story.
Oh and please go-on with the joke if you still remember it :)
You didn't do a damn thing wrong.
I'd argue that you did exactly everything right.
You were calm; you followed up but did not chase, yell, or aggressively pursue; you didn't make accusations.
What you got was a spastic teenager who didn't understand what she was saying or agreeing to.
She likely expected fluffy handcuffs or neckties.
Sadly, it's a rare teen that you can find in a club who's got much experience or knowledge of BDSM type activities.
Relax; chalk it up to a misunderstanding that you handled quite well; and don't let it affect your enjoyment of your fetish.
There's plenty of girls out there who aren't clueless, and would happily participate.
What you do isn't harmful to anyone.
It's consensual, nobody is being hurt, so keep on doing what you do.
Girl here, she consented, just because she was ignorant to what you would be doing doesn't mean you're a bad person or should feel horrible.
has that one thing that turns them on like nothing else, there is no reason you should feel bad for wanting to explore that world with another WILLING individual.
If anything, imo, she should be the one writing this TIFU.
What kind of pussy runs out on good sex?
You could tie me up!
I'd conesent,..
and not run.
Thank you My , it's true that input like yours made me feel a lot better.
I guess that's exactly what I expected and needed from Reddit.
Thanks for your advice, but as I explained in my reply to i12burs, I'm really bad on dating sites, even fetish ones, plus I'm in Europe, so less people.
Well, I heard that there are some good German sites, but I don't speak or get a word of German.
I'm not even confident in since I'm not a native speaker.
, thanks again.
Whew, that's good to know.
I wasn't feathering the clutch, I was just holding it down, then I think I would just let it go completely once I started going.
I really didn't know what I was doing, I can't even remember that well.
There is nothing wrong with you in the slightest.
There is nothing wrong with your fetish.
You shouldn't feel guilty and you have no need to be ashamed.
The best answer to escape the situation would have been just to mumble something and smile.
It usually works.
Well, I would have preferred, a lot.
But I doubt it since it would then have been a lot easier to ask me to drive her home from the club.
I feel obliged to remind all that I was far from drunk, had two pints that night, from midnight to 4am, and mixed with a lot of sweaty dancing and making out.
I'm used to not get drunk at clubs, first to be able to drive my friend home if neither of us get a girl, second simply because it lower my eloquence A LOT.
Lastly it's just totally irresponsible to drive under influence :)
OH GOD D:
What the others have said so far have been a good indicator on how your moral compass should be right now.
You did absolutely nothing wrong.
Don't be ashamed.
She's young and she had probably heard one-too-many abduct-rape stories (you know...
guy brings girl home, suddenly rope everywhere and she's never heard of again?) at bedtime.
Good for you!
that passive-aggressive "tell me what I want to hear" thing gets old.
Also, some people think they know bondage by toy store handcuffs.
Not a rope person myself, merely because it takes too long time to tie the fancy knots.
not bringing home someone 10 years younger than you next time.
Would help if they actually knew what was going to happen.
On the other hand, there is no way in hell you should feel ashamed or less in any way for this.
Hope it won't affect you too much.
Don't pull the "what a creep" crap.
If you expose yourself to the public then you can't blame the public for looking.
Close your blinds if you don't want men to look at your boobs, get over yourself.
As someone who has been raped, I can tell you that you did absolutely NOTHING wrong.
If she didn't know what bondage was, she should have asked.
It's not like you grabbed her and tied her down after she tried to run.
You shouldn't feel guilty, you did nothing wrong.
SHE was wrong to agree to something without knowing what it was.
SHE should feel guilty.
I'm sorry but I don't get it, is not my native langagne.
Would you mind to explain ?
like yours help a lot.
As I previously mentioned, I will definitely get a pair of those fluffy trigger opening handcuff in the future :)
Sorry, my post is hard enough to read when is your native language.
The joke is that your post became more and more like an advice post as it went on.
And so just as there are some novelty accounts which are called 'gradualnigger' or 'gradualbelair' or whatever your novelty account would be 'gradual relationship advice post'.
I hope that makes more sense.
I'm sorry for not wanting people to stare into my house while I'm naked.
, I find someone that stares into someone else's house while the person is naked to be a bit of a creep.
If you'd like, you can crosspost this to , I think they'd be interested in seeing this.
Also, I genuinely think we'd be able to support you more.
It can happen to anyone.
Thank you and sorry for what you went through.
Thanks again for your support, it helps a lot.
Mostly not.
That's very sweet of you, thank you, it helps with my confidence.
I will now refrain to practice bondage on strangers and will look towards building trust relationships.
Still I'm pretty sure you can find a lot of riggers who are way better than me for tying you up, I hope you have fun in bondage :)
I live in the UK and own firearms
I can't believe you're allowed to own firearms - how did you pull that off?
Thanks for your feminine support, it was needed.
I still feel sorry for her, so I will not condemn her.
She may have had circumstances unknown to me.
I just wished she simply said no.
Well, I don't know if it's necessary to go THAT far.
;) Some of us bust up laughing at the sight of those things!
well done.
man you can illustrate a story for me any time.
one sec, i have a witty reply, but a hot chick is standing in front of her window, naked.
i'm a gentleman, and not a creep, but that old fucker darwin and his god damned evolution has forced the males of my species into a razor sharp concentration on females and sex.
sorry for being the successful product of evolution.
comments from you are unfunny, unwitty and just tired.
serious?
man i must be aging rapidly.
my fat pork sausage fingers can barely bludgeon out I LV U to my wife on a touch screen.
you are typing term papers?
fucking fuck.
i bet i'm like 2 weeks away from rocking chair, front porch, "back in my day" stories, and screaming at children to get off of my god damned lawn.
right on.
you are the genius street psychiatrist that i needed to hear those words from as a youth.
ireallyklikereddit guy, re-read that guy's post.
i'm twice your age, and it took me literal decades to discover: 1.
Yes you are awkward.
yes, you make an ass out of yourself pretty much every time you speak.
(most important of all) the only one who notices these things about you is...you.
most everyone else is too busy concentrating on how much of a dumbfuck they sounded 2 minutes ago when THEY were answering a question.
your confident friend?
he was lost in his own world wondering, "fuck, they think i'm a confused transgender motherfucker now!
own a small holding and use it for pest control just have a .22 its pretty essential really
go read my reply above
here's the thread link:
It does, thanks for the explanation :)
I think I'm way better at handling laughing than running, there's nothing better than a cute girl with a smile on her face and some ropes around her body :)
Thank you, I feel way better now thanks to comments like yours.
Fair enough, and well said!
I already cross posted to , but completely forgot about .
If you don't mind, can you do the cross post?
I don't want to look like a karma whore.
Thank you for this helpful support :)
No problem.
Hope you get out of this scot-free.
You summarized my feelings too.
I'm fine with those who enjoy consensual bondage, but drinking removes consent in my opinion.
Done
and thanks for your input.
It might not change your view on the matter but where I live in Europe it's legal for 18 years old to drink and go to clubs.
I also did not mention it but that club is really strict on checking the IDs, in nearly 5 years going there I never met any underage.
True that trust in the place should not have prevented me to check.
I definitely will in the future.
I think it's important to stress that out.
Still, I now agree with you that 18 are now too young for me, but you know that people do not like to be aware of their age.
near 30 is scary, but now I got my call back from Mr.
Time and I have to move on.
I did not know that Friday night.
Now I learned, the hard way.
As for consulting, Reddit does not replace it, but it did a good damn work making me feel much better.
For now it's all that matters to me.
Thanks a lot for your advice my good sir and for what you sacrificed for your country.
You only deserve my respect.
I would like to merely note that a stranded rope can be pretty menacing to a first-timer.
I guess it just appears too brutal to them.
Using silk as a rope gets a better reaction.
Long strips of silk isn't too expensive, scarves are easily found too.
Sounds like you didn't fuck up at all.
The shit just got out of hand.
I'm not into BDSM, but isn't there usually a safeword exchanged before the ropes come out?
I think maybe you should learn how to capitalize, jerk.
People can get off on what they want as long as it's consenting.
It's not their fault what they're attracted to.
As far as this guy's situation goes, it's the chick's fault.
She lied and got herself into that mess, and neither one of them had enough to be drunk.
I used to have this theory that some people are what we call Bang-a-rangs.
They always go back to ex's instead of going out and searching.
And it's much easier to, because you both miss the sex and know it.
But then I've realized everyone is bang-a-rangs.
We all go back, there isn't a reason not to.
If you guys both had two different perspectives on what the sex meant then it's going to get ugly.
But if you both had the same intension then this a good time to see what you guys can do or just label it as a hook up.
We're programmed to reporduce, so when or sex count is a little low it's always healthy to go back a ex or two.
I now feel a lot better, but I can assure you that I felt like I caused the end of my world when I wrote it :)
Forgot to mention it since it was so obvious for me, sorry.
It was, ironically, "door".
While this guy does have some interesting points, I don't think you need to seek therapy for a fetish.
through it again, it also reminds me of
There is no reason to feel ashamed of your fetish.
You just have to look for people who have the same fetish as you do, and have fun that way.
In this case, this girl was clearly too young and too naive.
She clearly overreacted and probably has issues of her own to solve.
You handled the situation well, but just dont get too hung up on what the neighbour said.
people have different fancies.
(Just my personal opinion, I feel 18 year olds are way too young to be picked up in bars/clubs.
My mind is always stuck on the fact that they're barely out of high school).
You'll be better off picking up chicks at your age range who are 'experienced'.
not your fault.
It was HER fault for not asking what bondage is (I mean who the fuck consents to a sex act when they have no idea what it is?).
There is NOTHING wrong with bondage, or being into it.
I think she's the one at fault her for flipping the fuck out without asking questions.
As I'm sure you know as a dominant, the submissive has almost all the power in a good bdsm/bondage relationship.
They are the ones who know what they want and the dominant has to stop if they cross a line that the submissive does not want.
In that sense, I find being a submissive kind of empowering.
I don't find anything shameful about it.
You're okay, OP.
I mean maybe next time ask a potential bedmate if they know what bondage is when they consent to it ;) but it wasn't at all your fault.
Well, I personally agree with it, in the meaning that good therapy can and should help those of us who are unsure about themselves to assume and be ok with who they are.
, therapy often means the other way around...
I personally have mixed feelings about therapy for many things (I studied cognitive psychology), but I don't think you need it for dealing with a boring sex life.
But this is just my own opinion; flawed as anyone elses.
Please, don't be so rude.
Thanks for siding with me but only tried to help his own way.
I'm thank full for all kinds of supports, those who cheer me up unconditionally and as well as those who bring my feet back on earth.
I get your feelings as well and appreciate them, but please be respectful :)
Thanks for your support :) Just a small clarification, the one who did not knew what bondage was, the girl totally knew.
Dude, no problem at all.
You go kick some ass.
OP, you did nothing wrong, but I'd also like to point out to people hating on the girl to try to see it from her point of view.
OP was very kind and treated her well, but she was probably just scared.
Both of you have nothing to be ashamed of.
I agree that his words are subtle, but I prefer look at them on the bright side :)
Thanks for your support, very appreciated.
As I said previously, I guess before that event I just refused to acknowledge that I was getting near 30, and that every thing was fine as long as I was hitting the young ladies.
Now I got the wake up call and can only wish I got it earlier but also be grateful I did not get it too late.
The big chief should tell it like it is.
There's nothing wrong with answering a question honestly.
If you're seriously worried about that then I will gladly take your username for you.
Does nobody else honestly think this is a fake story?
Jesus reddit
I really would hope so.
You have no reason to be ashamed, but her reaction was justified.
As the person not being tied up, you have a lot of responsibility to keep your partner safe.
I'm sure you must already know that, but still.
Haha see this is what oduya should have written.
I don't mind a quick peek, but staring while continuing to push a 6ish year old girl on a swing while doing it made it creepy to me.
I'm 19 and I have long, skinny, girly fingers and I use my iPad for EVERYTHING.
The paper I did was on this book I read and after I read the first page I actually found myself sliding my thumb up the page to scroll down.
I forget that books aren't touch screen sometimes...
lol you didn't even need to apologize.
She -is- a whore.
wrong with you or what you did.
You dealt with a girl that was clearly out of her wits the best anyone could have hoped.
She gave consent, lost her marbles, and you didn't touch her.
NBD.
This isn't a "today I fucked up" this is a "today she fucked up."
No need to reply, but you did nothing wrong, everyone has their own fetishes, whether they want to admit it or not.
This is what you need.
IMO you did nothing wrong, in this case, what she doesn't know WILL hurt her in the long run.
Or you could have told her that you don't know and ask the scale XD.
My mom says some days are like that, even in .
Awww ouch.
I think he acted predictably.
Step 1:
Step 2:
Step 3: Try hitting on girl
Step 4: Let it all go
It's totally awkward to see how transparent he is, though.
It's peeling the enamel off of my teeth.
At least it sounds like you're in the clear!
I hope the embarrassment wears soon.
Always lock the door and have a tranq gun on hand.
I felt so hardcore just dealing with the pain too.
They proceeded to numb me with 8 shots.
Oh, btw, the first time I had surgery I had to have a shot in the spine.
Didn't feel anything but some pressure though and went through it all like a man.
The part I hated most was the fact that I couldn't move the lower part of my body for a couple of hours after surgery.
I almost went nuts.
I finally just forced my body to wake the fuck up and get moving.
I was so tired of having IV tubes stuck to me and laying down - I just wanted to get back to my life.
I don't wanna grow old...
I'm Alpha as fuck.
that is pretty fucked up.
He should not be smoking weed that young.
It could be negatively impacting him.
You should talk to him about how your mother feels and try to make him feel like shit.
Maybe he will smarten up a bit and apologize to your mother...
ideally a perfect situation, but who knows how it could go.
Truer words have never been spoken.
Do you have a '99 LS1 Camaro SS?
You are a genius...
I'm tagging you as master illustrator.
Pretty badly - but silver lining is you don't have to deal with the psycho mom anymore.
I told him he was being a total jerk, but he doesn't care.
I just hope he can learn from his mistakes, or at the very least, be careful and responsible.
I'm not going to try to seem like I did everything perfectly.
He knows I sold a lot of drugs and upset out mother by moving out at 16, but he also knows I got to start college at 16 on a full scholarship and I stopped selling drugs.
I just don't want him to do the same things I did but have negative consequences.
He knows I got away with a lot of the things I was doing with little to no consequences.
maybe that is why he should be more nice to her, because you have already upset her..
Maybe he should learn from YOUR mistakes also.
Coming from me, who is also the younger sibling, I try to be the better child and not turn out like my sister.
I see her failures as an opportunity to make my mother proud of my achievements.
in no means do i know your family and have no opinion on this, but i hope you understand what i mean.
I guess i just feel like i was once in your brother's exact position.
He just needs to realize that your parents are the best people in the world, and he may not know how much he really loves them until they are gone.
Side note: I believe it was the neighbour who didn't know what bondage was, not the girl involved.
OP doesn't state whether the girl knew what was happening, just that she had been scared.
But agreed, NOTHING to be ashamed of, OP.
You did everything you could to remedy the situation, and I bet the girl's feeling really silly for her reaction now.
Would agree with this.
Can't help but think the girl thought bondage would consist of cute little silk ties that she could get out of if she wanted to easily enough.
OP says they discussed a safe word though, so it's odd that she didn't trigger that it may be a bit more than that.
You speak better than most first-language speakers I know.
It seems as though the girl did not know what it is.
She agreed to it, then ran after he pulled out the rope.
he did mention that she had moved her arms towards the bed posts...
She clearly has issues.
Ah, no.
The only other things I bumped into outside the aforementioned accidents were walls, who usually don't seem to mind.
I think a lot of the judgement in this post comes from the initial assumption that you had an 'underaged' girl drinking.
, I don't believe having a fetish means that you are bored with sex.
Most of the time the fetishes develop at the same time the person does - it's always there.
Most people, including the OP from his post, can have a satisfying sex life without involving the fetish at all.
, however - I mean no direct offence to .
is entitled to their opinion.
I just wanted to warn against jumping to conclusions.
As I mentioned further down, she probably thought it would be a silk-scarves kind of thing.
I'd say she knew what it was but didn't realise it was REAL bondage rather than playing around with ties.
I meant to put this in my first comment, but I'm also sorry for your experiences .
It sounds like you were strong enough to come through it okay, and I hope you continue spreading awareness, even if through an anonymous forum like this.
What you need to do is buy the neighbor something nice, more thoughtful than expensive, and thank her for helping you out.
Really if you act like you are ashamed then you are adding to the context she sees the situation in.
Old black ladies generally have seen some shit and probably aren't as flappable as you think.
There usually is a reason why old black ladies spend so much time in church.
This could have gone really bad if the person who got involved was reactionary or armed or both.
You could have been locked up or shot or both.
Also if she was 18 in a bar then you might have been the guy to end up with a 16-17yo and then your life would have been over.
18yos are great in theory but the legal possibilities are way too crazy.
Should have unplugged the xbox, unless the internet is going down for good he could have joined another game.
OP you are perfectly fine and perfectly normal.
I think your neighbor is a feminist cunt.
I know a girl who enjoys being tied up.
has their kinks.
Enjoy your bondage good sir, and for additional Karma, post stories to ;)
That's..
Kinda racist.
Then she's even more retarded for knowing what it was and still flipping out.
I moved out when I was 16 because at this point I was fully self sufficient.
I was making enough money to more than comfortably support myself
Now where the fuck were you working at the age of 16 to be making that much money?
I really don't see the need to recieve therapy for this.
Geez, people do all kinds of weird stuff to each other and that is just what people are into.
Then close your blinds next time
It's super racist.
...that's the thing.
I was "self employed"...
I sold drugs, mainly heroin.
I would make at least a stack a day, but I got arrested so I don't do that anymore.
I don't want my brother to do the same thing, with a more serious punishment.
He saw how I lived and it probably seemed cool to him, having random people come over to drop of groceries, dry cleaning, food from places that don't deliver, etc.
Ah, I see.
If you sell drugs, you're gonna have a bad time.
Sorry I just had to get that out of my system but all bullshit aside, I know too many kids who are exactly like your brother but those kids are somewhat nice to their moms.
But your brother...
Man, I'm more sad than angry.
I never knew someone could be so ungrateful.
If you can, tell your mom that I said sorry about her younger son, that I am his age, and wish her a happy mothers day which the little one failed to do.
On a side note, I actually just got my mother started on Reddit today.
I lured her in with and .
I got her to create an account and everything.
I'm just worried that she'll be to absorbed by it.
Oh well, I got her a kindle fire so she can just browse on-the-go like I do with my iPad.
Holy shit, you're a girl, sorry I didn't know that lol.
Do you know what your mom did about your little brother smoking weed?
I bet she whooped his ass
Why do I find this hilarious, I don't know but thank you TIFU; and thank you OP, for your kind and brave soul.
I sympathize but seriously a great story
Lost it at "stanky blankies."
I don't think it quite sunk in yet, but I did leave shortly after telling her.
Haha he's screwed but it's his own damn fault.
No one is allowed to make my mother cry!
You sound like a pretty badass daughter :D
IS THIS BETTER?
HUH!?
I think it's fine to be honest.
Is your mom plus size?
Heh, thanks for this, I've reread it and I hope that things go alright - got the class tomorrow
dude, you have no reason to feel ashamed
we're only supposed to have one?
Why would you hope people think your story's fake?
, not racist.
exist because the groups that define them largely fit them.
It seems racist, repeated events with the same outcome.
Almost like a "theory" vs a "law", just not so every time.
Sure not every black guy is afraid of bugs and can't swim, but you can go up to every one and assume that to be the case, and be correct more often than not.
It was rude.
You made a mistake.
, and move forward.
The awkwardness is your punishment.
No, see, that is pretty much the definition of racism.
easy Mel, easy now.
I don't feel like this belongs in TIFU, because you didn't fuck up at all.
how things went you did everything right.
consider my upvote a hug rather than me agreeing that you fucked up (because you didn't).
Hey, hope you're still reading comments.
Two main points I want to make:
There is nothing wrong with your fetish.
adults doing something they like together that doesn't infringe on anyone else's rights or privacy should never be a cause for shame.
Yo, there's a reason there's a fetish community for people who are into bondage.
You do not pick up random girls, take them to your bedroom on your first night with them, and tie them up.
Not everyone knows where their trigger points are.
This girl probably had no idea until she freaked out that a plain white rope was one of hers.
(, get some real bondage rope, dude, the general store is no place to shop for kinky stuff.)
I think it's more of a fuck-up if she's actually really fat.
If she's thin, then you can just laugh about it and eat the $50 or whatever.
But if she's fat it's probably gonna hurt her feelings
Good call.
I told my girlfriend that her increase in weight was going to have negative effects on her health.
She was mad at first, but I kept asking her if she thought I was right and she eventually fessed up.
Well at least you didn't sent a picture of your boobs to the wrong person.
On another note this situation could have done with a healthy dose of testosterone.Man up in future.
You ignored the age/2 + 7 rule.
Moral:
Don't practice intense shit or alternative shit with goddamn 18 year olds.
It doesn't matter how much they think they know wtf they're doing.
Sorry buddy, gonna have to disagree with the hive mind on this one.
She only asked because she noticed she was gaining weight.
When asked, you simply say "nope".
Most people have sex after they break up.
In all honesty, it will most likely continue between you two until one of you starts sleeping with someone else.
Then the other will get very upset and you two will fight like you've never fought before.
It'll end in a no talking spree and then it's back to square one again.
even worse if she suffers from anorexia
"Here's a gift card to a random store because I didn't pay attention to anything you liked or did all year.
Happy Mother's Day!"
Eh, she's your mom, I'm sure she loved it.
Well, it's a bit late for me, so I doubt how funny I'll be, but here's my go at it:
a standard white rope from the general store
There's your problem dude.
Any true rope bottom worth her salt will flee at the first sign of inferior rope, no matter what the consequences!
Shame on you and your rope that hasn't been hand-twisted by specially trained kittens!
On a more serious note, though, a couple things:
Monk (at twistedmonk.com) makes some heavenly rope.
Check it out if you have a chance (and, perhaps, the budget).
As a fellow lactose intolerant: Know the feel, bro.
I'm not from Aussie though.
I'm from New .
If she gets mad, just pull the old pulp fiction quote:
"If my answers frighten you, maybe you should stop asking scary questions."
YOU ARE THE FUCK UP OF THE WEEK, 5/13/12!
Yeah, it is not your fault that you have these preferences.
, I'm a capnolagniac and intoxication fetishist.
The problem?
I've always been very anti-drugs and then this suddenly came up.
It took me a long time to realize and accept that being turned on by people not in their right mind or even destroying their health does not mean that I am a bad person.
I am not a bad person, and neither are you!
At least your fetish does not do permanent damage, ha ha!
I did for a while.
I'm currently restoring a 72 2WD Blazer for my next project.
Proof reading: Five minutes, 0.
This error: 4 months, and potentially x000.
people, typos ruin lives.
No she -is relatively average but she is always on some sort of diet and trying to work out.
Even if she were plus size it woulld still be rude, i think.
Indeed they do.
But it wasn't that bad.
I mean I was seriously depressed after 4 months of not getting a single call back and was beginning to seriously doubt my worth.
But once I got to know about this, now I'm thinking: "oh I'm not stupid, I just fucked up a little".
Life makes sense once again.
That, sir, was absolutely fucking magnificent.
Your vivid and powerful vocabulary has dug down to the deepest depths of my soul.
I'm glad someone sent this to , this doesn't deserve to go unread.
Hey, at least the last three digits of your phone number aren't 666 like mine is.
I don't mind, but people are superstitious as fuck.
OK you just won the double gold star silver lining optimist award.
When I was a little kid(8-9 years old), I used to stash all the money I got from holidays and most of the pocket money my parents gave me.
I did this for years, and although we were a fairly poor family back then, I managed to collect a really large sum.
So large, that one day I decided to buy a gift for my mother.
A parfume would be nice, I thought.
So, I went to this shop located right next to our apartment, and bought the thing with the most beautiful package.
the dissapointment I felt when I proudly gave it to my mother only to find out it was not a parfume, but an aftershave.
TIL Lane Bryant is a plus size clothing store.
from other's mistakes so I don't make them.
Thanks TIFU!
Thats adorable.
I guess that weeds out the crazier employers.
You just made me go back and look at my resume.
this bitch should be the one writing the TIFU...not you...you dont tell someone that you're willing to try their fetish, then make it seem as if they were in the wrong.
FUCK that bitch.
babe, im going to ask you a question, but ...dont answer truthfully...
sorry dude, if you have to ask if youre getting fat...then the answer is yes...
not your fault for answering a question.
you make a typo,
the errorists win.
I looked at mine also.
Damn I wish it was wrong too :(
My phone number ends in "728745" purely coincidentally.
That is to say, if you call XX-Patrik, you get me.
It's good to be alive!
You know, I never thought of it that way.
XX7-6667 here.
They ALL wanted you.
At least that would be what I'd tell myself...
...and I'm black.
It's true in every haircut I've ever had in a black barber shop in my life except for like 5 times because there was some holiday that kept people from going out to the club.
I've had to give up once or twice when it was ladies night.
What does this solve?
Great, she feels a tiny bit better, and doesn't do anything to fix the situation.
Win win, amirite??
Holy shit dude.
I'm so sorry.
my phone number ends in 01189998819991197253!
Aw, shucks!
, I meant I would have preferred it to be fake.
Hello, thanks for your feedback.
I will definitely try to look-up on my local fetish community.
And of course be much more careful in the future.
I'll also try to invest in some decent ropes and cuffs.
, was still in my early twenties in my mind.
I'll add :
Thanks for siding with me.
Still, I'm not angry at her.
I'd say we both messed up.
Too bad you deleted your message, your point was helpful in the conversation IMHO.
Thanks, I don't feel so bad about it anymore :)
I'm glad it made you laugh, laughing is what's best in life :)
I applied for like 8 jobs, every couple i reply to and never hear anything from them i check my number and its correct.
They just dont like me :(
I would say old fashioned rather than feminist.
For instance she also mentioned that if I still wanted the girl I should go ask her hand to her parents before trying stuff like this.
up.
Thank you :) Still, I know rather consider the event as a shared fault.
Thanks for the input.
You're right about it.
You're right about the ropes, I'm going to invest some money in some decent ties.
Also will start looking for my local fetish group.
Thanks a lot for thinking about her and her feelings.
The thing is I still did freakingly seriously liked her, so I cannot really have hard feelings on her.
Not trying to be right, just effective.
Thanks for the acknowledgment though!
Well, she was just definitely too young and me too old, that's all there is to it.
Nah, I'm fat and I'd appreciate a Lane Bryant giftcard more than a giftcard to some skinny person store.
'Cause then I could actually use it to buy clothes.
Not only considered but engraved deeply in the stone of my brain.
You should give ropes a chance again some times.
The sweet time spent tying the knots is very erotic.
Thanks for your support :)
pending.
Cute cuffs for first timers and decent ropes for experienced ones.
First time going with bike to school.
Spends wednesdaynoon waiting for parents to pick him up.
Thank you for your advice.
I had considered it, but I finally decided not to.
That may sound a little bit coward but I'm now planning to move out of my current place.
Get something bigger, nearer from my office.
to put my twenties behind me and get a good start in my thirties.
So, yes I'm dodging that responsibility, but at the end of the day I also think that every one involved in this story will try to forget about it.
Thou I'm not sure how to feel about it.
Anyway I managed to get through it thank to this sub-Reddit, so thank you again :)
you are welcome :D ..
i hope your bondage adventures continue ;)
Just read the first paragraph on both pages, and you will see how you are over simplifyng it.
They are two different things.
I send you some pretty flowers, I hope you don't mind.
LOL omg.
Brb checking my resume.
i dont see how it was helpful except for people to talk shit about my opinion.
Slim would probably improve the taste of PBR.
uhm...
excuse me for asking but...
to what kind of jobs were you applying?
i mean, mostly all of employers contact you via email nowadays don't they?
Little do to know your dad is a redditor.
Yeah of course my email was on it.
But around here, the majority of the companies don't exactly email you.
Sadly, they still rely more on phone.
And if your phone is not connecting they aren't gonna waste any more time on you.
They'll just move on the other hundreds of potential candidates.
I've already answered this.
Read ( please.
In fact I would like to add that I found out about the whole wrong phone number thing because of an email.
I had applied in the company "Nestle" for the post of a project engineer.
And they were the only company that emailed me back in which they wrote something like: "We've been trying to contact you but your phone is not connecting.
, we are conducting a test tomorrow for the post.
You should come if you are interested".
I got the perfect excuse for being unemployed for that long.
So guess it all worked out in the end.
It's a stereotype, sure.
A racist stereotype.
Racism is generally understood as belief that different racial groups are characterized by intrinsic characteristics
Been there, done that, lack of money to prove it.
I realised much sooner!
I called the number on my cv to check...
Really angry guy who was pissed that he'd been getting phone calls offering him interviews for jobs he hadn't applied for.
It's a shame things didn't work out and it had to be that way :-(
(trying to contain my excitement at an OP answering my comment!
It feels like talking to a celebrity!!)
It's from a children's book: " and the , , No Good, Very Bad Day." keeps threatening to run away to , his mother tells him there are bad days there, too.
I did something like that once, but not quite as severe.
I used my wife's resume as a template to write my own.
I changed my email address in the document, the mailto link in the document still pointed to my wife's email.
It took a while for me to realize she was getting emails about setting up an interview for the places I applied to, or how they even got her email address.
The way I see it, you had a good laugh.
She's the one that fucked up.
: Big Daddy, with Adam - the wrinkly ball scene.
Are you implying that the movie is not great in any state of mind?
Even though I'm uncircumsised, and this is a good idea, it's times like this that I'm happy that I have a girlfriend that swallows.
I can see where both of you are coming from in this case.
The girl was probably a little tipsy and horny, and maybe didn't really realize what she was getting herself into.
I'm not sure if crime rates are the same in as in the US, but here you can't always trust strangers.
Of course you didn't have ill intentions, but for every 50+ guys like you, there is one creep out there who would actually tie a girl up and rape her.
that stuff on the news is scary, and maybe she realized that she was putting herself in a potentially dangerous situation with someone she doesn't know and panicked.
Or maybe she was raped before and was suddenly triggered.
And as for you, you did the right thing by asking specifically if she was okay with bondage.
It's not like you were making out and you suddenly pulled out rope and tried to tie her up without asking.
She agreed to it, and appeared to be into it.
So I don't think you did anything wrong.
And yes, she did overreact, but I can see why she could have freaked out.
But try not to let one bad experience affect all your future experiences.
Just be a bit more cautious next time - maybe get to know the person before bringing up the bondage thing.
Being dominated generally seems to be a fairly common fetish for girls, so you're sure to find someone else who shares your interests eventually.
There's nothing wrong with your fetish, as long as it's safe and consensual for everyone.
If her mom was hitting her then that's abuse you need to call the police, please.
... aaand?
I've only ever watched it sober and I love it.
I don't understand how this is a fuck up.
It's honestly going to not be as bad as the time I had HARD CONTACTS WHEN I WAS 13, AND THE FUCKING CONTACT IN MY RIGHT EYE COMPLETELY SHATTERED WHILE I WAS STILL WEARING IT.
All because this girl at summer camp threw a right into the middle of my goddamn eye.
She felt terrible as the teacher was trying to Q-tip the shards out later.
Soft contacts flipping and/or folding is going to be okay compared to that.
That's basically me :(
I feel like such an idiot and immediately take them out, though I have no problems.
I've done this countless times and so far it doesn't seem to be causing any damage, but I really don't wanna risk it.
No irritation when I wake up in the morning, no dryness in my eyes through the day, no discomfort when I close my eyes to go to sleep...
it just feels like I don't have contacts whenever I forget about them.
these comments has made me realize that I have better coordination and more skill at putting in contacts than a lot of the people here.
It's funny because it took me over two hours to put in one of my contacts the first time.
This is some classic TIFU.
I know a guy who takes a knots class, hes a lot of fun ;)
Sorry you had such a crappy experience, I hope all your future endeavours go better.
Is a phone number the only contact info you have on there?
I had a full day of fail after fail while working on my motorcycle.
I finally did one thing right, saw the lights come on, and was ultimately happy.
Maybe just relieved.
It only takes that one event to change your perception.
Why would it be rude to give them money to spend at a store they already shop at?
Oh, sorry .
I didn't realize you weren't 'plus size'
Nope, you fucked up.
Gotta catch that before hitting send.
As long as they're pretty, and they don't explode.
That's still 0.
TYFU
i believe x is a variable, not a multiplication sign.
and it so happens he intended that x 0
Aw, so I fucked up.
lmao "ask the scale" thats funny
It took me hours to put in my contacts the first time, too
Well at least it's the best possible subreddit to do it in.
What was the text?
Also you should show her the auto correct thing in person.
If she doesn't believe you then she is just stupid I'm sorry.
Just say you were checking your pulse.
That's very normal of you
You should have just kept going and winked at whoever walked in.
I fail to see the problem here.
You're at an event that is generally all male with the exception of a few women there functioning purely as sexual stimuli.
And you were drunk.
Fuck 'em.
No dude should ever give another dude shit for playing wanky panky.
At least, so long as you at least put forth your best possible effort at being discreet.
seems to be a classic case of social/relationship etiquette vs.
truth/how it should be.
you did the right thing, although it might be hard to do.
hopefully she'll learn the value of truth
I'd sue
bathroom , with large windows.
lots of times, quickly.
Should have said you have prosopagnosia and can't recognize people's faces.
That makes so much more sense now.
Upvote for using the term wanky panky.
What did you expect to happen when you typed an illegible word and had auto-correct on?
and so you took an excerpt from a sentence...
let me put the rest
Please tell me you're that sexy asian girl I work with.
Damnit, the internet fails, yet again.
Pure creeperdom.
I'm a masturbation activist, if you haven't noticed.
Hey I'm from .
That is all.
And kept eye contact
You can never be too sure.
way to make my eyes tingle in sympathy.
Worst I have had would be for one to tear into two pieces but hard contacts...glad my vision isn't that bad to need them.
I completely agree with you.
I was masturbating behind a bush at the mall the other day and the police just came and kicked me out!
We're LITERALLY living in a police state.
A little bit of razzing is needed.
But after a day or two its time to drop it.
DISCREEETTTEEE
Yeah that happened to my family too.
My mom yanked the door out of the lock when the fire ignited inside.
The door doesn't close completely now but it is still functioning.
Still, scary stuff.
What does public masturbation have to do with particle physics?
I don't trust self-cleaning ovens.
They're so very dangerous.
I wasn't able to open the door, so I had to sit in the kitchen waiting for the flames to go out and the oven to cool off.
Funny thing is my first thought was to go on here and ask for help...
lol after a moment my head cleared and I hit up Google ;)
No kidding!
I was about to go downstairs when the oven caught on fire...
otherwise I wouldn't of known till it was too late!!!
It's scary to think what could of happened today...
but I'm a !!
We're too polite too sue lol
I'm glad your house didn't burn down.
That would have put a big damper on the week.
I'm not.
Not always.
I passed one 4 days after smoking, with the only form of detox being playing basketball, drinking water cranberry juice, and wishful thinking.
It isn't until you observe it that the "waveform" collapses?
Was hoping you'd be from the US, we don't sue in New either!
Me too, I'm in the middle of renovating the bathroom...
would of sucked if all that hard work I spent painting went to waste!
New sounds like a great place :)
UK and don't sue either.
Allow me to demonstrate the preferred course of action using a simple flowchart
[ to explain rationally worked?] ---Yes---
Oh it is, I guarantee you.
I wouldn't touch the medicine imo, you put $1,600 before your health?
It is, you should come here =D
is close enough!
It's not bars and clubs you need to put on the side, unless bondage is the only thing that turns you on.
Just introduce your kinks slowly, not on the first time.
That's what everyone else does.
When it comes to one night stands I think, especially in , you have to be extra careful.
I can jive that.
a reasonable and intelligent human being married to a .
Gives me fear.
There are two rules to consider in this circumstance:
Rule #1: If you don't remember it, it didn't happen.
(exception, sex with girls above 8/10)
Rule #2: If someone has pictures (or screenshots) as so called proof or evidence, see Rule #1.
Browse without images.
Or use a reverse proxy on port 443 which most companies don't monitor.
oh dear
She still sounds like she's being a huge bitch about it...
That sounds better!
Sorry and Thank You directmusic94 ;)
And I bet it's so much warmer there too!
I've added it to my bucket list...
someday it'll happen
Do not understand why so many denizens of reddit seem to prefer canines to humans.
Yes, seriously it's just a stupid dog.
Most humans eat the far more intelligent porcine species on a weekly basis.
You guarantee it?
That's all I needed to hear!
I'm convinced :)
I've always wanted to visit , maybe I'll just add the UK to the list lol
Every time I learn something new about it gets scarier.
Bad luck.
You seem to have failed to properly analyse the situation.
Well it doesn't snow very often unless you're in the mountains
That works!
I could still snowboard :)
Come to /.
If you don't, you're doing wrong.
How is solid state drive file system an expression of surprise?
At least it wasn't the right number...
She's an idiot.
You shouldn't date her anymore.
yourself lucky.
If you give in or even apologize you'll be fucked for the rest of the relationship, and you'll be the bitch of a self-important, dramatic child.
That's my cursory reading of the situation as a grown ass man.
You can't go through life apologizing for other peoples' insecurity.
Tell her to grow the fuck up.
the door closed is the right thing to do.
Step two is shutting it off.
Step three is finding your cat and putting on your shoes in case the fire escapes the oven.
wow your kidding right?
that's a comedy of bad luck upon you
Turn of auto-correct when you switch to an phone :)
I'm confused.
Did you fuck up by entering the study, or did you fuck up by passing up the opportunity?
$1600 in exchange for a week of boredom sounds okay to me.
my dumb ass ex once tried to make a DIY heating pad.
she put a dry washcloth in the microwave.
We'd love to see you sometime, need good people!
Nope, he fucked up.
I drank two days before and they noticed.
Seems they deserve each other.
Maybe you should turn your auto-correct off and learn to spell properly like a fuckin' adult, hahaha
sue him if he's wrong
hehe, waveform.
I'm pudgy and this happened to me once.
I just laughed, looked the woman who had just asked when I'm due straight in the face and said "Oh, I'm not pregnant, I'm just fat!" Shut her right the fuck up!
You should have seen her face, she was horrified.
And I was her cashier and she had just unloaded a HUGE shopping cart worth of stuff onto the belt.
She wouldn't even look at me after that.
Made my motherfuckin' day!
ssdfs???
who the fuck types ssdfs?
If I got a text saying ssdfs I would ask if they were letting their cat type.
Wo-man overreact?
Must burn!
Burn wit fire!
Jesus Christ people.
Talk to her about it, show her the auto-correct issue.
This is not a splittable issue.
how is that an expression of surprise?
and you could proof read texts before sending.
takes a second or two.
hope she comes around.
There is no such file system, you should make one.
You aren't of the male persuasion, are you?
That, my friend, will never be lived down.
Even 75 years from now, the eulogy would go something like: "He was a kind man that had many children, grand children, great grand children.
He gave millions of dollars to those less fortunate.
He cured cancer, AIDS, and fatness.
He invented a perfectly clean, inexhaustible power source that he donated to the world.
Just show her it autocorrecting from ssdfs to sarah.
Its pretty solid proof, then talk to her about not trusting you
If you want to get technical, yes there is.
Solid state drives need no drive defragmentation as the drive uses DMA to access all of it's contents.
So in turn they don't use their own file system, but more so a file structure.
You would dare risk taking some research chemical for a measly compensation of 1,600?
Either you are homeless, or stupid and see little value in your own body.
praise the lawrd for that almost
She sounds pretty dumb.
Maybe you should dump her and go out with Sarah.
and at least you didn't set it on fire
Your girlfriend is dumb.
Step 4 is grabbing your baseball cards and Star Wars toys.
Why do I have you tagged as Master ?
Why would you have me tagged as anything?
I'm surprised you don't have me tagged as Master Moron or something derogatory.
I left a photo in a comment that amused you?
The confusing thing is that, I don't remember tagging you as anything...
[Here's a pic to remember me by.](
Why did I even open that?
WTF?!?
I may be wrong but isn't any file system on a solid state drive technically a solid state drive file system?
the latter.
Too busy making the girl out to be the bad guy when we don't know the story, maybe somewhere along the line he gave her a reason not to trust him?
Can't imagine he'd just offer up that information on the internet...
It sounds like you did yourself a favor.
I'd put money on her messing around.
Send it again, it probably means SORRY SORRY DIDN'T FUCK SARAH.
Yeah def.
go with the stolen phone or have to face getting pulled over for a 66 in a 65 for the rest of your life.
On the way out the door of my newly purchased home for a weekend of camping, I bumped the oven nob up to about 200 degrees.
to say, all my houseplants were dead when I returned three days later, my house, very much unscathed.
Yeah I had a moment like that once.
A few years back I had my phone in my pocket and it wasn't locked.
With all the movement it resent a text message to my girlfriend.
The problem was that the text was old and part of a long deep and meaningful txt conversation I was having with her at the time.
So when she got it it out of context it looked like I was getting all hot and heavy with someone else...
It took a bit of explaining but she evenually saw the funny side of things
Wait, you left the gas running for a weekend?
How did you air out the house?
How much was your bill that month?
How.
did.
you.
not.
die?
when you use the self cleaning button on the oven it is normal for a fire to start inside the oven.
that is how it cleans itself.
That is why they tell you to lock the oven door and not open it during the cleaning.
Not the case.
And i'm not about to start this argument again; for the record, i do NOT think this is a big deal, and i am definitely happy that both the guy and girl could easily laugh it off.
Yes it is the case.
I have to ignore you now because you're being an idiot and I'll never be able to reply to you again.
Step 1: Turn off the gas!
Unless you use electric.
This can last for days.
The gas was being burned off as it ran, thank god it was the oven nob and not one of the burners.
My gas bill only an extra ten or fifteen bucks if I remember right.
it was about a hundred degrees outside that week and with the AC off the oven didn't have to work too hard to maintain that temperature.
We opened all the windows when we got home because of the extreme temperature inside.
Still didn't realize it was the oven's fault until the morning after we got back!
in home ownership..
In March, I visited a girl that I had been dating until when I moved to San .
We still wanted to have some fun when I visited since we weren't seeing other people and hadn't really ended things when I moved...
we fooled around and had sex in her house, where she lives with her dad (he wasn't home, obviously).
We had dinner and he met us after we ate to be introduced to me.
Things went well.
We left to go hang out with friends.
Her dad texts her about an hour later, calling her disgusting for having me meet him right after having sex.
He found the condom wrapper in her room.
He pretty much hates me now and thinks I'm a scumbag for not, at the very least, getting a hotel instead of having sex with his daughter in his house.
This would be understandable, except that I actually was going to get a hotel until she insisted I stay with friends instead.
So now a girl I really liked is having issues with her dad, and he hates my guts.
NOTE: She's not underage.
She just lives with her dad because she's in college in the same city she grew up in.
It is not the case, there is nothing to analyze.
Girl accidentally sent tits to wrong guy.
Guy takes it alright and both can laugh and forget.
Guy claims "It's no big deal at all, and should be treated as such" which is an opinion.
I point out the fact that that is only one opinion from one person, and should not be treated as fact (as he implies it should).
I explain that some people prefer modesty and it would hurt feelings to, even accidentally, break modesty, as in a situation like this.
There is nothing i'm missing here.
I've failed to properly analyze.
Hope this cleared that up.
Now i'm going to cry in the corner because you called me an idiot.
I didn't think much about sex when I was 16 either.
At 20, my girlfriend actually had to guilt me into sex saying that I would want to if I loved her...
I'm about to turn 24 now.
Since then I've become a lot more sexual, but I feel like I'm stunted mentally when it comes to sex.
it might be something that will affect you later in a way you don't want.
incoming Mall Rats reference
If she is freaking out that hard over a text, your relationship clearly has some trust issues.
You should go at it from that angle instead, or at least think about it really hard.
Susy's' sauna doesn't fit Santa?
Whew!
We have to ignite our oven like the burners.
I'm not sure I've ever been so worried about a faceless stranger's well being before!
there are trust issues in their relationship, but we don't have enough information to make judgements.
It's possible she's been cheated on in the past, so it is a sensitive issue, or it's possible that he's done something in the past that gave her cause for concern.
Is it possible that she's being an insecure bitch?
of course.
Do we know that for certain?
Is their relationship likely going to end because of trust issues?
, no matter who's in the wrong.
oh snap
humans are very flawed, while canines are not.
They have better morals, better actions, and a better history.
They are superior living beings, and therefore should be treated with respect and kindness.
That's just funny.
Hungry dogs kill and eat cute harmless living things.
They do pervy/disgusting things in packs, often involving poop.
If you took humans and trained them for the purpose of entertainment of a higher being then we could be all cute and cuddly too.
once it was brought up, i was like, omg i remember going to the bathroom and taking a long time...
Looks like you're shadowbanned.
I approved your comment.
If you aren't a spammer and don't have a reason to be shadowbanned, message the admins about it.
I feel like this picture requires some explanation.
While finishing.
I don't know how you use dogs, but they're not for entertainment.
They're there to have a faithful companion with unwavering love regardless of what happens.
As for in the wild, wolves stay with each other and act as a single unit for the purpose of achieving a higher goal that each one alone could never accomplish.
If humans learned to do anything like that, it would be incredible what we could accomplish.
As for 'pervy' and 'disgusting' things often involving poop, I have no idea what you could be referring to.
Just for the sake of argument, I'll point out that in retrospect, sex is a disgusting act, and the ways to get it can be extremely pervy.
I'm not sure if you think that wild canines just have giant orgies and roll around in shit all day, but they live their lives day to day just like humans.
As for 'kill and eat cute harmless living creatures', what the hell do you want them to do?
They're part of the food chain just like everything else.
are carnivores, and do what they have to do to survive.
No animal is ever 'harmless', as they will all defend themselves if necessary.
Also, they as well as any other living creature would rather die of a snapped neck than slowly starving to death, an extremely brutal and agonizing end.
Much.
They'll remember it for a bit.
Asking off work 4 times in your first two weeks really makes it that much worse.
I'd be wondering if you were ready for a real job, and I'd be leaning towards no.
TYFU, and then, TYDFU, you didn't fuck up because you posted it in the right place!
Do the admins get upset with telling people they're shadow-banned?
That's pretty crappy, but just be apologetic and work your ass off.
Make sure not to have any further attendance issues and I doubt they'll remember this for very long.
you never know...
House almost burns down = meh
Lying about how great New is = TIME TO SUE!!!
bturbank could not remember me or why he/she (?) tagged me, so at the very least he/she will remember that.
There's no deep meaning behind the photo.
It's just weird as eff, that's all.
I will make sure to check it out!
I DEMAND.
Well, since you demand an explanation.
Me and the boys got into my mom's margarita mix while playing , and next thing I know, there's bread and cucumbers and sports bras flying all over the place.
Coulda just been an epic deuce...
my cat will come when I call, so no worries there.
I put my shoes on, and stood by the stove holding baking soda, meanwhile madly what to do...
I'm glad your ex was dumb...
you probably just saved me from a future microwave fire...
I blame it on the blonde hair
My skills told me that dark smoke is fine...
but flames are not
I will be checking and double checking my oven/stove before I leave...
scary
Doubt it.
If the user was still spamming, then the spammer could make a seperate account after being told that they've been shadowbanned.
That would ruin the point of shadowbanning.
Since there didn't seem to be a problem with this comment, they're probably a legitimate user and shouldn't be shadowbanned.
It happens man, especially when you are young and new to working.
If you don't make a habit of this they should cut you some slack.
I'm sure it would.
is bliss eh?
As long as it does not become a reoccurring thing, and as long as your bosses aren't complete assholes you should be okay.
Your message wasn't going to be
ssdfs I can't wait to "see" you again if you know what I mean, you're soo much better than (girlfriends name)
because if that was the case I wouldn't really be surprised.
Are you me?
well, it is graduation week and has been pretty hectic...
said, "I think, therfore I am you."
I wonder how the pulling over to throw them out went.
I mean like seriously - you just gave her a lap full of old semen.
Ouch, that's totally not fair to you.
Don't do this shit with people that you don't know though and those young ladies.
Here's my main man Louis CK explaining the difference between girls vs women;
He's called off 4 times in 2 weeks and now missed another day.
he's only worked one week.
So, recurring, yes.
I'll be honest, my heart rate went up a little while reading that.
I'll certainly be careful next time I walk past my oven.
Glad you're alright :P
You stayed in one spot in the middle of nowhere and knocked it out 12 times in a row?
What are you 14?
Hate to be that guy but I gotta call BS.
If not, I applaud your superhuman verility.
You should work for the state, or in social services.
Be a teacher, or a counselor.
So then...would I be you?
this guy...
What guy?
So then if you are me, and I am you, then I must be me and if the same holds true for other people, then I am everyone.
Mother of god...
It might not be over.
Go tell her you're sorry.
If she means as much to you as you say, then if that doesn't work right away, wait it out and try to show her that you really mean it.
When you got to go, you got to go.
how were you playing on computer?
On an emulator.
This made me cry a little.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Amen to that.
I can't even bare to play it now.
I am so disappointed.
Its okay man i have the soloution you need,
I have worked in a higher up position in restaurants, and when someone doesnt show up its up to someone else to pick up the slack hence the frustration.
where did you download the actual game?
This, ladies and gentlemen, is why you should always save after any major event in the game!
Best link i have seen in a while.
I guess you could say that was a really shitty situation.
technologically impaired duck
If you want to get technical, SSD's have specialized internal filesystems to deal with ( ( and ( (which may include some degree of (
Of course the "files" in this case are logically just a flat array of block addresses, but there's a considerable amount of complexity in mapping that to the underlying storage.
only on computer and internet.
well when you put it that way it makes me look like an asshole.
This is all true, and what I said.
, it is still not a different file system.
It is still a file structure as it still uses the native file system for the OS, but organizes additional files on it's own.
murrrays computer faints, murrray blacks out
I read "Whoa pal I am pooping!" while taking a swallow of a chocolate protein shake.
Feels bad.
TIFU, I went to use the bathroom on the train and walked in to someone shouting "Woah pal I am pooping!" noticed.
certain emulators save "rewind" states (zsnes maybe?).
I think they just take memory shots at certain time intervals.
You might be able to find the files and somehow get your save state data back.
Make a zip of your emulator directory and game directory first, just in case it erases those save files on startup
also, mowing lawns, odd jobs, gramma, etc..
I understand your defensive answer, but if it isn't marked as locked, you can't really blame the other fella.
What would amuse me is to see his TIFU post about accidentally opening a door to find someone mid-turtle head.
This happened to me when I used a single person hotel lobby bathroom.
I proceeded to scream "whoa whoa whoa" many times in different speeds and volumes.
The guy had the audacity to try to open the door again when I was washing my hands.
It was pretty weird.
Dude, that's something to laugh your ass off at.
Upvote for "Woah pal I am pooping!"
At least you're pals now
cool :]
Any reason you're going to a conference have to do with the fact you must have a professional job already?
Google "define racism".
The belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific to that race, esp.
so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races.
The comment was racist; by extension, you're racist.
when did i distinguish a race as inferior to another?
Note the "especially": It's still racist, even if you aren't making one race out as inferior or superior.
That's racist.
After this incident, I bet his day went right down the crapper.
And you forgot to put TIFU in the title
priorities = correct
Thats rather shitty friendship...
Maybe his total (daily?) limit is $1000 and $300 for single transaction?
They're there to have a faithful companion with unwavering love regardless of what happens.
It's not up to you to say what they're "there for." In my opinion it's a species that's been coopted by humans in vile and often funny ways.
etc.
There are elements of truth to both of our opinions.
though, you are a giant poop stick.
The irony here is astounding.
As he wastes his own time replying to me
Was ( his reaction?
This needs a shitty watercolour.
With emphasis on the eye contact
That is something else
Hi, I'm doing a survey on trends in colloquial use of the english language.
How would you have said it if you were intending to sound like a bitch?
It's not health toilet such a thing get to you.
This happened to me on Amtrak.
I was taking a shit and the damn door didn't lock.
tried to walk in with their kid and here I am looking like I want people to look at me while I shit.
Come on guys, don't start this toliet humor again.
so what ...
shake it off man, everybody craps, people has to stop making a big deal of it, what were you going to say: please come in use the sink i'm almost done...
"I recently started my fist paid job at a restaurant"
If only I had known fisting at restaurants was legal tender somewhere in the world...
God damn, I'm crying
For some reason I imagine a really heavy accented emphasis on the word "poopin'"
Why do say poop so much?
It seems really childish to me.
welp, at least this one doesn't involve one pooping their pants again.
Whats stopping you from finding her and kissing her now?
We girls eat this shit up dude
Why would you drink while driving anyway?
WORST THING EVER!
LIE LIE LIE!
I know we women fish for compliments and it is irritating but you picked one of those chicks and if you enjoy coitus you will lie when necessary.
we are having a day where we feel crappy about ourselves and we just need to hear that someone thinks we are pretty, is that so bad?
Never know what you're gonna get on Reddit, it's always a crapshoot
It's the fibres, im telling 'ya
Your fault completely.
Not that a fuck up.
I would show up at 2pm, but bring a bottle of cognac (even if it is a kid's party).
It sucks since I moved up to WA state, now adults can't have a drink at a kids birthday party.
That's some bullshit.
Ah, ok.
Nobody else seemed even mildly surprised by the timing.
Turned out to be a fun party!
Also you could always bring a bottle of cognac with a fake label on it.
lmgtfy?
I'd rather be in your shoes then.
In my case i'm impaired everywhere but the internet.
well done sir!
I would have said "EWWW WHAT THE FUCK!?!
THAT IS FUCKING DISGUSTING, GET THAT SHIT CUT OFF RIGHT NOW!
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!?"
he could dookie it out with him later.
writes down survey response with a sense of enlightenment
it's cuter, and makes it sound like it's going to stink less.
Which is why when I kill one, I either put it inside something then throw it away, or toss the body in a part of the yard I don't walk in.
"From the grave"
wall of text.
not reading all of it, but you sound young.
life goes on, you'll regret way more shit in 10 years.
you'll also learn from each.
Isn't that the point of this subreddit?
That every post here is OP's fault?
c-c-c-c-combo breaker from the grave
I didn't say those things.
Yeah I guess so.
I've done that before too, only time i've ever been stung.
For some reason with my emulator i have to save then close the rom.
Doing that every 30 seconds would suck.
It's super-effective.
She's fucking retarded for asking you that in the first place.
I'm glad that you were honest with her instead of telling her what she wanted to hear.
I've done that before as well.
Was rather painful.
Diddit.
OP: TIFU Didn't use enter key in wall of text.
Too many people today hold grudges and act so fecal, I'm glad everything worked out in the end.
One time, I killed the shit out of a wasp that was in my house.
him with a shoe.
It wasn't moving at all except for its stinger which kept on moving in a figure eight motion.
That creeper me the hell out.
So many vanilla people get squicked when it comes to kink, and a lot of kink is actually illegal.
, if you're looking for new play partners, go to a kink club.
Don't do shit like this.
for selling any unused items, furniture your parents don't want, old toys, etc.
Great resource for selling niche stuff to collectors.
i.e., I had an old guitar amp and model airplane just idling around in my garage and ended up posting details of the stuff on CL.
20 minutes later both items were sold at listed price and buyers coming to pick the day of.
Great for quick cash
1,600 USD is enough for Diablo 3 CE.
Root beer has no alcohol, FYI, in case you're a non-native speaker.
I love how mature you are
I also love how ignorant you are
You're defending the comment as not racist; therefore, you're as culpable as if you'd said them.
It was a root beer.
And It was in the cup holder and I just took a swig of it.
It would not effect anything in an accident.
I have a great white.
It's still a juvenile and probably will never grow up, but...
My condolences go out to you and your beer.
Sir, have you no shoes?
You should just blame it on one of your friends doing it as a prank or something
Male or Female teacher?
And if anything tell the psych professor it was a " slip."
Female, which makes it even worse.
That's actually not a bad idea...
maybe a little humor can mend the tremendous awkwardness and shame.
I was inside which makes it even worse ;-;
They apparently clicked on the first one and assumed my account was being used for spamming then deleted all the other emails without clicking on the offending one!
Aren't psychologists naturally perverted?
Isn't there some old stereotype?
Oh, that's pretty horrible..
text but I'm not a player?
It would be awesome if she replied with links to even nastier porn.
Well, no offence, but you were about to fuck a stranger you'd only chatted with a bit, and were happy to provide her with pictures.
By the same token, she seemed to be doing the same thing, so if she wants to meet a different kind of people, she should do it through different activities.
So, I don't mean to be that guy but...
That's a tough one to explain if you have a non technical professor you could try to bullshit your way out and claim it was a virus!
These things would have occured to me were I using my right mind at the time.
I considered saying it to her but the situation was done, the day moves on.
YOU SHOULD NOT.
There are some who will then insist on further action against those you accuse, even if you "don't want to give up their names".
Not to mention, things can only get more complicated, from there.
Don't hurt yourself further or another.
Jeez, its only porn man
you are smart
You filthy genius.
This just might work.
If it gets that far, then he should just own up.
It's probably worth the risk, as i don't see anyone insisting on further action over a porn link, and if they do, telling the truth becomes a reasonable option.
"Tell me who emailed me that link to a porn website, or I'll call the police!"
Yes, of course I can.
To disregard and change the perception you've lived with for a long time, is no easy thing to do.
I've sent you a pm.
Tell them your account was hacked but you changed your PW.
My wife text my mom and her sister not too long ago, meaning to text me, asking me about porn.
I laughed.
Banks are usually good with this kind of stuff.
You report is ASAP and they will take care of it.
Not the branch, but I would call like the corporate office.
Cops are f--ing idiots...can't believe he said he can't do anything.
They are seriously good for nothing.
Prob just didn't feel like working...its against the law, it be like finding a CC in the trash can and using it.
Let us know!
WOAH!
Porn police here, watchout
any shred of proof?
Let me just say I do believe this is a lie, made up to get attention.
You'll get a good story to tell people at the end of it all.
I for one think we need to see this porn link.
Reddit would be the safest way, my parents monitor my Skype but no nothing of reddit.
Also another atheist friend of mine said the same thing "its no easy task.
Say you walked away from your computer, before sending, and a buddy switched the links.
OP will deliver.
I'm away from my PC at the moment.
I hope my professor likes interracial :/
God, I hope she doesn't click the damn link.
Tell her that it was a slip.
you sent her a link from
Talk about a freudian slip...
it was too easy.
Now you fucked up.
There's always the classic "my asshole friend went on my computer when i got up to take a piss and forgot to lock it".
So simple.
So effective.
Even if they don't really believe you, it's so possible that they have to accept it.
Ohh, I'm sorry, I didn't know what root beer meant.
My bad!
This changes everything.
You're fucked.
How did you go about finding the link, then need to copy/paste?
I'm not clear on how this fap research works.
"Sorry, professor, my goddamn roommate edited the link and e-mailed it out when I went to get a drink.
He's such an asshole, ha!
Anyway, here's the actual link to the experiment."
OP has a problem with his girlfriend and we're talking about SSDs?
I'd love to join in but I think he's jumping every time he sees a new comment and then gets all sad.
Is she hott?
If so, make a suggestive excuse.
it should work.
blame a virus that hijacks your clipboard.
prof here.
This is hilarous.
But unlikely.
I fuck up at work my manager brushes it off and says "just don't make a habit of it." So there you go.
Just don't make a habit of it.
Are you black?
Is she white?
grand things could come of this
Sounds to me like you almost put your dick in crazy
Well, OP, you better hope your professor isn't a redditor.
They now know you posted about it for help, AND have proof its you because you posted the exact link.
Well honestly I thought I was going to read that you gave her herpes or something.
This is not that bad, forget about it.
Bring her soup and 7up.
Points for you.
Great Green Day reference there
You sir, have good taste in porn.
So racist that you assume the professor is white.
literally oo
Wasps are assholes.
Bees only sting in self-defense, they bump you first as a warning, and then die after stinging you.
Heroic, almost.
Wasps are predators, sting you for fun, and can do it over and over for shits and giggles.
Fuck wasps.
"Big Tit Bubble Butt Fuck"?
Well at least you're not a biggot
I like how the video name rhymes.
Is your prof.
in any way attractive?
That's the idea ;)
High risk, high reward.
Big Tit.
Bubble Butt.
These could be the perfect lyrics to a song.
You need not ask God, just ask Reddit!
, I'd explain to the professor that it was a friend who got on your computer and did it jokingly.
This might get you a comment about not letting a friend use your computer, but not much else.
you decide to do, I wish you luck!
Being as you're a college prof, what would you do if you were the professor in this situation?
Try it.
Let us know what happens.
In the link the girl was white.
But I assume you are kidding anyways, at least I hope you are.
That all being said, I know kids make mistakes and I never try to embarrass them or hold their feet to the fire to teach them a lesson.
But I might be a rare bird.
Other profs with egos the size of solar systems?
Not even dropping the class can get OP far enough away.
Eeek!
I was.
Thanks for the benefit of the doubt.
It's a rare thing on Reddit these days.
Oh It's not me who did it ahah.
I was just curious of your opinion.
But I'm glad to hear there are some professors like you at least.
Some really need to get off their Ego train.
Why couldn't you have been my professor?
Unless you are...
check your inbox.
Porn is okay, OP.
I'm sure he'll enjoy it as well.
She is, actually.
In a MILF kind of way.
Other option: claim you had a computer virus.
A lot of them attempt to propogate themselves using email.
I read it, "Big tits, bubble butt, interracial fuck".
Big tit bubble butt interracial fuck?
Kinda creepin' me out here...
I'm sorry for your pain.
You should crosspost this to .
I'm sure they'll have some advice.
If you see her and she smiles then maybe it wasn't a TIFU
Cool.
I came here to see if there was any Robert novelty accounts around.
I know The Office had stopped being consistently funny years ago, and this past season has been brutal at times, but I can't stop watching.
His odd sexual rants were what made this season tolerable.
Though, I have not watched your video, if it had just been big tit or just bubble butt, I think there would be a better chance at this working.
the two puts you in a really bad place.
hurt worse than getting soap in the pee hole?
Good luck, my friend.
I feel that you're going to need all the mental support you can get.
Had a similar issue one time so I can relate (no where near as bad but relate-able).
I have faith that you'll make it though :)
Stay strong.
requesting for the album cover
He thinks with a small mind..
5 detentions
0 percent on the test
Stop being such a betafish and get out of this situation.
What a small dick
If a college professor was that stupid they need their position revoked.
Also, potential sexual harassment.
You should be proud of your poop
dude...fucking.
flashdrives.
I don't quite understand what you mean?
I meant would she (assuming the person I responded to was a she) be angry, or just let it slide as a mistake
she's the reasonable, level headed type otherwise you dun goofed.
any updates?
reddit hits
"To Err is Human; To Really Foul Things Up a " - Soaper, aka Bill
I did the same with a different type of site in high school.
I just infected my computer with the nasty "EICAR Test File"
Works with any teacher who isn't very computer savy.
IDC if this is true it's hilarious while browsing at 1 AM
I'll take it for you!
I put the lid in with the bananas and berries I was blending (It's a two part lid so it fit) and blended it up with my smoothie
Yeah, that's it.
what did you want me to say?
something funny for karma?
something more enthusiastic than "cool."
I meant if a professor ever emailed a student porn.
That had nothing to do with what I asked though..?
By "if you were the professor in this situation" I meant is she was the professor that he emailed the porn to.
, he should just own up to it, send a sincere apology and a note to say it was a honest mistake, and face up to whatever happens.
But if he tries to invent some stupid lie all he will be doing is making it worse.
whatever happened to the good old DM HS
Yeah, when he said "dirty" I expected...well, pretty much anything besides that.
Tell me, OP, What about that did you find "Dirty?"
I had to do A LOT of digging for that.
Not really, like 5 minutes of reading my old stuff.
, read that if you dare.
Sorry about that, but must admit I laughed a little.
you'll move out next year for studies etc., so you get to enjoy some beer.
, russetiden might just come once, but chances to party are plenty!
One G.
ah, scratch that then.
I'm sure its illegal, but it would be pretty hard to prove that's the reason they were failed in court.
it's the classic "the dog ate it" excuse that actually works!
You didn't intentionally kill a mother squirrel.
Just think that maybe something will feed those babies squirrels to whatever babies they have and you actually saved some lives.
Maybe.
Go get a hug from someone.
Thats my cure-all solution.
She hasn't replied in a long time, better rethink your next move
You are the ignorant one Mr Fart Face.
In all seriousness though, calling someone ignorant just because of an opinion is fucking stupid.
We're not talking the facts of dogs here, we're talking inherently subjective experience.
If you think one can be ignorant about "meaning" then I believe your world philosophy is flawed.
Would be so good.
Nothx.
Update??
porn isn't illegal but sexual harassment is.
And although this seems like a mistake I'm fairly reasonable.
Sorry- not me :-)
do NOT do this.
Lesson learnt.
If you're going to have an annoying car partner for tomorrows field trip, kill yourself not her.
Dr.
P makes me want Dr Pepper.
A fuck up only to the extent that you got caught (nice try getting out of it).
But as far as the country you live in is concerned, you are an autonomous adult who is old enough to decide for yourself whether you want to buy alcohol or not.
It doesn't mean you have to, but that decision is yours, not your parents'.
You should try to live by their rules while you are in their home (i.e.
don't drink at home) but you are not fucking up if you feel that you want to live differently.
For science, here's the link I sent...
her
Good god, you're screwed.
Except he's a she.
Damn youngsters
can you actually explain this one to me?
That happened to me once..
The awkwardness exiting with two seconds of eye contact
That, my friend, is why I love my girl..
She'd believe me lol
Of course- I would hope this would be the case for OP.
but sometimes people make up weird shit.
It rhymes!
hijack the interview with the principal in this fashion: fake severe OCD and germophobia.
refuse to touch him to shake hands.
wear gloves.
clean the chair before sitting on it.
stop the interview repeatedly to count all the pens on the desk.
arrange anything out of order into a precise pattern before resuming the talk.
should mild up the punishment nicely, it's hard to punish a dude who's crazy.
im sure he still fapped to it.
good clip lol
on the bright side, they got much needed exercise.
just dont do it again.
i think we need an update?
howd it go?
isnt there stores you can buy a cap and gown?
im asking because i am not sure.
i hope you can get one in time.
off to Google search...
they can over night an order.
Karma's a bitch, eh?
the guy who sells them.
They will be selling then during school when they distribute then at school.
Here's some Advice: Go kill yourself.
lol im joking.
that sucks, no?
that was actually a pretty good link adds to XV favorites
The interracial part.
This is why people shouldn't joke about suicide.
It's never funny.
But yes, lesson learned.
Just take your punishment and use it as a teachable moment or some shit.
update?
I like the way you think!
It's funny cause we're on Reddit!
it was a dumb thing to say but it wasn't a threat.
Also I think it's weird that a person can't take the comment of being called a fag one time without having to take 2 weeks counselling.
If someone called someone else stupid one time, would they need the equivalent 2 weeks therapy?
This is just simple name calling or what have you, not actual consistent, degrading bullying.
Until the very end I thought she had killed herself.
Your wording is interesting to say the least.
ROFLMAO!
Didn't you apologize and explain yourself ?
Maybe you subconsciously want to bang your prof.
should have stuck to the traditional wtf or wat or 0.o
you brought this upon yourself dude.
hope you two clear things up though.
best wishes.
Do you have her number?
I think you should send her a text.
( may help.
there are lots of online writing/reviewing/proofreading jobs ...
if you're good at writing.
search for them.
i hear they are a good way of making quick money, if you are good at it.
Just got back from class.
A class in which I had the lady-professor in which I sent the porn.
First of all, the whole time I was in class I was a goddamn nervous wreck.
I couldn't even look up from my desk, let alone at her.
The class ended, I'm sweating bullets, and before I get to the door, she says, ", can I see you for a second?"
I felt like I could have shit my pants, vomited, and passed out at the same time.
I was too nervous to do any of those.
, it didn't come out that simple when I tried to explain it to her.
This is nearly verbatim what our horribly awkward conversation looked like:
"Hi, Dr.
Helm..."
"So, I got your email--"
( with retardedly nervous laughter) ", yeah, haha.
Uh, sorry.
My friend...
er, roommate-- well I guess he's also my friend.
Uhm, when I left the room, he uh, he sent you that link as a joke.
As like, a joke on me, y'know.
I didn't...
I didn't actually send that myself.
I didn't mean it.
I'm so, so, sorry.
Like..."
(At this point, I can feel my face is as red as a baboon's ass and I'm shaking)
"It's no problem!
Please, don't worry about it.
I got your actual email and you're good to go."
"Okay, thank you.
Again, I'm...
so sorry.
I'll talk to my friend about this and how this is not okay."
"That's a good idea.
Take care, ."
"You, uh, too."
Before I left, feeling really no better about my situation, she said-- with no one else in the classroom, mind you,
"Funny video title, though!"
saying a thing, I powerwalked the fuck out of that classroom.
TL;DR: I think I'm clear, but I still don't feel any less filthy .
evil eyes
ohok good.
ohgodwhy.jpg
She sounds like a keeper (as a teacher).
That could have been a lot worse, you lucked out mate.
It was a good video title though...
is "never funny."
One time a co-worker let me borrow a DVD.
I returned the box to him without really checking it.
I returned a porn DVD to him instead of his movie.
And I'm a girl.
He made a huge deal about it.
Was expecting a totally different outcome
I feel like light teasing is ok.
I didn't maliciously attack him...
If I had been on the internet for less time, that would have deeply disturbed me.
But seriously, thanks, I've been wondering for ages.
Don't say it was meant to be a joke, that won't end very well based on what your school sounds like.
Just be sure to let them know that you didn't mean it, and that you understand the severity of what you said.
Just take your punishment, and be more careful next time.
How hot is she?
I come from a poor family and couldn't afford the cost of a cap and gown, I was told that I wouldn't get my diploma nor could I attend graduation.
My friends found out.
When the cap and gowns were handed out at school, everyone refused them unless I received one also.
Than, one of the school teachers (who had a kid that was graduating with me) said he also would not be attending, cue entire staff entering and all making the same claim.
It made me cry.
Note: the entire staff consisted of less than 30 people.
Haha I know what you mean, and you are welcome.
, that was an incredibly stupid thing for you to say to someone.
brains have trouble recognizing the permanence of something like suicide.
They obviously KNOW dead is forever, but they do not feel with the full gravity an adult does the permanence of the choice they're making.
Please take this as a warning from life that you need to think more carefully about how you approach others.
I asked a question, I got an answer.
You're not respecting his opinion!
You're a kid, kids do stupid shit.
It's nature.
Man up, take your punishment, learn from your mistake, and don't do that shit again.
Your title made me think she killed herself.
My god, I am so sorry.
I disagree.
Some people would say that( relativists).
I say that spelling is not defined by one person's opinion.
is awesome!
Oh they explode, but they're pretty
She knew.
It sounds like this is your punishment...
making you freak out over it.
are S never told Dr P(epper) anything.
Even if she did, that's hearsay.
I'd imagine the complaint would have to come from a witness or from K herself.
it was a stupid thing to say, I don't think he actually meant it like that.
I understood it to be a joke, but you always have to have one of those people sitting at your table that wants to become an impromptu activist at your expense.
This happened to me when I was kidding with a friend of mine who I've known since we played around in a sandbox as toddlers.
I don't remember what was said but I remember I said "go kill yourself" - to which we both continued debating about some video game or something.
This girl all of a sudden starts yelling at me to "take it back" that my friend since childhood might kill himself on the account that we're messing with one another.
You said it, you apologized, you even felt bad about it.
You did all the right things.
Your school seems to have a really somewhat overly strict policy on these things - and, well, furthermore they should have consulted the person whom it was directed too first.
You'll be alright.
Play it cool.
Eh, he'll flush this out of his head sooner or later.
Has an effect on something,
Is affected by something.
Thats how I try to remember it, may not be totally correct in all situations though haha.
"TIFU by being a douche"
Alpha up
She's probably all hot bothered now, soft and ripe for picking.
Go into her office, make no apologies.
Plow her and earn that A
Sounds like a fantasy.
Maybe she wanted you to stay after class for special reasons after watching that video
I read this as "sex with girls above 8-10 years" #3232;#3232;
so you either pay for the car or the vet bill?
pay for the car door..
probably less bitching at you involved
I am very sorry to hear this, but at least I feel less alone.
brofist
Is it really a threat?
YOu didnt imply that you would do anything mereley made a joking comment in the lunch room surrounded by your people.
Agree whole-heartly.
But isn't it a lil hard for OP to play it like that--"grow the fuck up"--when he, himself, is using silly acronyms that 97% would gawk at, confused?
Yeah that's what it looks like.
I am afraid of talking to insurance because my rate might go up.
I cannot even risk it.
I just got the damn thing lowered because of my 3.0 in college, and I can still barely afford it.
II might have to wait a minute to get it fixed.
it would def go up if you submit a claim, which is why it is better to go to a few places and see if they can help you.
as long as your car still runs i'd wait as long as you can
The problem is, with the criminalization of youthful stupidity, OP might end up in serious shit for this.
I agree, and it's ridiculous.
People aren't allowed to learn anymore, just know.
username almost made me shart with laughter.
You stated facts that you could not/did not back up, and failed to be informed enough about the topic to be stating facts.
This is the reason that you are ignorant, not because I disagree with your opinion.
On multiple occasions I have had to take my contacts out after chopping hot peppers without gloves (like an idiot).
The worst was habanero.
My advice?
Stick it out, it shouldn't last long.
If it does...
Rinse out your eyes.
Did your girlfriend find out?
You deserve a medal.
, I think you're right.
aren't dummies.
Not to mention I didn't sound very persuasive.
Are you two still together?
And dear god that sounds horrible.
Check out VBA-M (for GB/GBA games) or (for DS games).
They are the best emulators I know of and definitely do not make you quit after saving.
That is if you ever get the courage to resume your pokemon journey.
I wasn't claiming any kind of authority, just trying to make him feel like he didn't abuse all women.
And, I was pretty drunk myself when I wrote that so I hold all responsibility for the "what kind of pussy runs out on good sex" line, not my best choice.
Damn dude.
Well, as the old saying goes, "no use crying over spilt butt froth."
God, I feel for you that's a bad situation.
Would I be right in assuming she found out?
I mean, did you manage to get in to your house and cleanup quickly or was it an all out everyone found out when I got home situation?
I live for and this made me gape at the screen.
She wants your dick!
She did not find out.
My panic sent me straight into (
I debated ending the night right there and taking her home, but it was my birthday and we had already planned to watch a movie.
My shart put the whole night on the edge of disaster.
On the way home I made it known I really had to pee, and she agreed.
we have a hallway bathroom and I have one connected to my room.
I had to think on my feet.
Once she was behind a closed door I grabbed my pajama pants and ran to my bathroom.
The damage was horrendous.
I don't know if you've ever handled shit-soaked jeans, but it ain't pretty my friend.
That shit was everywhere.
Time running out, I sacrificed a few towels to the cause and wiped off what I could.
It was the closest to a dry shower I could come.
It sure isn't pretty but after I toweled off I threw on my pj's (for which she complimented me) and joined her on the couch.
Talk about sweating bullets.
My heart could have powered a fucking semi from the mix of adrenaline, self-hatred, and panic-induced terror that was running through it.
But I made it man, I fucking made it.
After the movie she was tired, I took her home, got a sweet goodnight kiss, and then finished the night with a good cry in the shower.
well spent.
She didn't smell it on the car ride home!?
down the whole way, no smell but the stink of the city.
She had to have smelled it, no way someone can't smell a pair of shit filled pants 2 feet away
I'm skeptical, but I want to believe in this story.
Use hand sanitizer from a near by portajohn to wipe it up next time.
She totally smelled it.
The exact opposite happened to my friend.
His teacher gave his class a link which supposedly had great recources for a paper he was doing, but instead it had gay porn.
You are my shart buddy!
I too shat my pants last night, twice.
So I went out to play basketball late last night with my girlfriend and a friend of ours.
It is sort of important to note that I live with my gf and our friend was spending the night.
We walked over to the courts and got it to playing some HORSE and 21.
After 30 minutes or so, I started feeling a bit odd, and was farting audibly on the court.
I should have know I was entering dangerous territory because it was hot and smelly I just had no idea how bad it was going to be.
After playing a bit more my bowels start sending warning signals to my brain and I look around for a public bathroom.
There are none.
I am within 5 minutes from the house so I tell them I'm heading home to go to the bathroom.
I leave the park and instantly I know I am in trouble.
my sphincter closes shut like a dam anticipating a hurricane.
It is only a matter of time.
Now, it is important to note that I am in the middle of the city, there are no woods to run into.
I try to hasten my pace home but it only rumbles my innards further causing a greater build up on the exit.
By the time I get to the door I have one hand cupping my ass to hold what I can in my shorts.
I put the key in...upside down, fumble around with it and loose my concentration releasing a sudden bursting of soft serve shitcream.
I finally open the door, and get to the bathroom and drop my load.
I was astonished how quickly and how much expelled for me.
But the worst was the smell, dear god the smell.
I looked down and found I had at least 3-4 mashed potatos worth of shit in my boxers.
, everything in my crotch region was covered.
Poop and penis had never touched before.
Now they had.
I finished, took everything off carefully, and jumped in the shower.
I got out, put on new boxers and put on my same shorts even though they were a bit soiled because I did not want my gf or our friend asking any questions.
I also put my boxers in the bag and threw it away outside in the trashcan
Loss of Moral: -1
Now, between shitting myself and feeling nauseous still, I feel pretty terrible.
I also still smell a bit from my shorts.
I reach the park again and find my gf and our friend and tell them Im heading home since I feel terrible.
They asked a few questions if I was feeling alright and said I was okay but I just really wanted to get back to the house.
They decided to grab some food real quick and would meet me back there.
So I started to head back.
Deja vu mothfucker I could almost hear my guts whisper as I left the park again.
At nearly the exact same spot as before my bowels started rumbling and I knew I was in trouble.
There were a few sparse trees that might have provided cover in the park I was walking through, but the last thing I wanted was to get charged with public defecation or something.
I tried holding back the flow again but my sphincter just did not have any more strength and the shit started to come.
I cupped my ass again and more or less ran holding what I could.
I get to the house again and whip out my keys only to find the key is MISSING.
It had been on a weak keychain and must have fallen out at sometime.
So now I am locked out of my apartment, with shit in my pants, my girlfriend and friend do not have keys, so we will just have to wait for my other roommate to get out of work.
I still down on the stoop smeering the build up of shit all over me in my self loathing and remark how fucking terrible my situation is.
I had a small moment of realization that this is why homeless people most smell bad on the subways.
I was not there long when my bowels, determined to have me shit on my own front steps, went for the killing blow.
quickly I remembered the bag in the trashcan that I had put my shorts in earlier.
I pulled it out and then run behind my apartment.
I then took my my boxers, mind you I have soiled two of them one, and put them in the bag, filling it up.
My guts not being down with me, push out more and I am forced to shit right there in the backyard in a small garden.
I push my clothes to the side and run to grab the outside hose and thoroughly wash my bottom half off and the shorts as well as the garden.
I pull myself together and go back out front to find my girlfriend and friend.
they had just got back.
My gf knew something was up and quietly asked if I had found someplace to which I nodded.
Later on that night my utter shame was keeping me from being social and I eventually told my gf this entire story with even more details.
She found it absolutely hilarious and did not even skip a beat this morning about wanting to have sex / give a bj.
I just could not think about putting poop penis in her though, maybe in a few days .
tl:rd: grammar errors coupled with shitting myself TWICE, ruining two pairs of briefs in addition to shitting in a bag in public behind my apartment.
She even complimented his PJs.
Oh yes, she definitely knew.
I don't know man, it was a short drive 2 min, and I thought the pj's made sense since we were about to get under the covers for a movie.
She's definitely a class act though, coolest girl I've met in years.
Ah, the poop and penis touch, what a beautiful union.
But my god man, what had you eaten?!
You mean she.
damn, lucky you..
Must have been fun sitting in that..
literal shit ey?
by M.
Night .
any birthday ending with a good cry it the shower (regardless of the events) is a birthday well spent.
you could always say someone from your class stole your email as a joke, you know like those 15 year olds "hack" other peoples facebooks?
Dude don't feel filthy,
you nailed it,
and now its her turn
[How I imagined OP's tale went down.](
You are right, but I'm pretty sure he was joking.
Yeah, I thought he really fucked up.
This is like..
everyday shit here.
at least you still have your girlfriend #3232;#3232;
You are a good writer.
This was a delicious read
I'm now serving 5 detentions over the next week and he gave me a 0% on the test...
Sick your parents on the pencil dick'd teacher.
That's not acceptable punishment for a slip of the tongue.
Well there are over 8000 home invasions per day in North , and statistically 1 in 5 houses will be broken into.
Do you think there are 8000 accidental shotgun deaths per day?
I'll take my chances with the gun thank you very much.
must have been fun...
My father once told me "Never trust a fart.".
As I get older, I realize how true this really is.
I would take that to administration if you can't come to an understanding with the teacher...
I laughed so hard I cried!
you deserve whatever you get and probably more.
my advice: don't be a dickmonger.
I'm sure poop and penis touched when you were a baby.
Wow, what happened to the new gf?
Still together?
What was he reaction?
How'd she take it?
That sucks man sorry to hear.
When I was in high school, I saw a guy snort hot sauce.
Big mistake.
AWESOME.
All is well then.
eh that wasn't too bad and if you get a suspension it will not really matter at all
Can you fuckers take this to ?
We have more important (titty) things at stake here...
TIL: When I get a bunch of spam from a friend, I should just read the oldest message to see what they are hiding from me.
I got pulled over for drinking Cappio iced coffee.
It's not longer made but at the time it used to come in 40 ounce brown bottles.
Don't be stupid, no one else reads this shit...
Maybe she did, maybe she didn't.
she does now or not depends on how your face responded in that first split second after she said..."Funny video title, though!"
Very rarely does it involve intent.
Take a god damn picture of your typewriter and show it to him.
I wouldn't join in.
It sounds like a situation where I would wake up and notice my kidney was missing.
But you still look like an ass for having a four year old twat for a friend.
Right, in fact there is a nice little bit that Louis CK does on it.
Right as far as my memory goes, that has never happened.
I think it had to have been food poisoning.
I ate some food that had been sitting around since last week.
my gf made me some boxed rice using discounted food and I also made a burger.
This happend to me as well!
I thought I got bit by a spider and landed on the floor and hugged my painful foot, when the fucker stung me again this time on my ass.
Caught the little fucker and burned him to death with a match.
No, you need to grow a set and tell them to mind their own fucking business.
How about you spend 45 minutes reading thru the and then be honest.
estimates put accidental firearm deaths in the US around 600 per year (not counting children who discharge firearms, because I don't have any children).
estimates by the US DOJ put the number of crimes prevented by firearms at around 55,000 per year.
Just thought I'd share the statistics, since you seem to think I'm paranoid for keeping my shotgun loaded.
If you're a gun owner and you don't keep a loaded firearm in your house, that's a personal decision.
If you're not a gun owner, then you can go fuck yourself and your ignorant "people like you" bullshit.
Loaded guns are only dangerous when they're pointed at people.
I don't point my guns at people.
He pulled me over.
I was polite to him and he was polite back.
I was originally a little scared, just being pulled over does that to you...
He was nice about it though and seemed like a cool guy
handled shit-soaked jeans
She didn't see your pants, either?
Ohh I've had that stuff man, that fuckin sucks.
But I've gotten daves ghost pepper sauce in my eye on multiple occasions.
Just that "Oh here we go, I fuckin did it again" feeling.
me and my friends used that stuff mostly for pranks.
If your passed out at a silly time of day, sometimes that shit would be wiped onto your lips, fishhooked into your mouth etc.
That stuff is hell.
But I retaliated later that night during beer pong.
What did the person say?
figured it was about masturbation.
was disappointed.
You're supposed to save the weird stuff for at least the second time.
Great color reference there
Truth.
I respect your opinion, and will defend your right to express it in a civil manner.
Have a good day.
I'm new around here, can you show me how to get karma?
I learn by example.
Wait, black people hate bugs?
Your story and the name of the fictional other woman reminded me of a story of my own.
In college, I had a girlfriend who would spend the night fairly frequently.
I enjoyed having her over, but like most, I never slept as well as I did on my own.
On night, I woke up mid-conversation with her around 3 or 4 a.m.
I was shaking her awake and still repeating things I had been sleep talking, things like "Sarah, wake up.
Sarah, it's time to go.
You need to leave, Sarah."
Only problem is...my girlfriend's name is Lauren.
To this day, I still don't know who Sarah was in my dream.
She was super pissed and I never worked harder to get out of the hole unconscious me had dug...
He did a bit on vag and poop.
Not penis.
I was so eager to try it that on my way home from the grocery store I put a test drop on my finger.
It had me hacking and coughing all the way home.
it didnt help that it was rush hour too.
On an empty stomach it was so bad the second I moved I was in crippling pain.
Wait wait wait.
That's...
onetwothree FIVE instances of eating suspect food within a 24 hour period.
I half expected you to say you washed everything down with a bucket of water imported straight from the Ganges.
Not to sound too impertinent, but DO you live in a third world country?
type - o
you will eventually grow up and move the fuck out.
keep your eyes on that.
Don't know your age...
But you have to suffer through it.
If making you read the bible is the "Go To" punishment - there is little you can do to change it now.
Brush off the girl/girl thing.
If it ever comes up - you were watching RANDOM things...
Don't even kindofsortof admit to being BI.
It'll only make your life worse...lol
Let me be clear here.
DO NOT EVER ADMIT TO FETISH.
't even admit on here...
lol It's a lot more normal than people will ever admit, but it's just not socially acceptable as of yet...
Chin up...
Things will get better...
Was she hot?
If they really care about you, they will come around eventually and accept you for who you are.
Right now they're shocked.
Let things settle and then consider the state of everything.
If they outcast you and take these extreme measures you outlined, focus on the future and seek some outside assistance (i.e.
talking with a school counselor, friends, or other adults)
My friend just told me he did this too...
I've been trying to find jobs and he was like "For the love of god make sure your phone number is right".
Aren't we all really four year old twats on the inside?
I smell a lawsuit...
( you go the sue-happy route)
Hell, if you've got friends you can stay with, move out right now
You shit your pants twice?!
I don't fart unless I'm on a toilet for days after my sharts.
She watched it.
She watched the whole video.
I just spit tea on my keyboard.
idontwantoliveonthisplanetanymore.jpg
"Big tit bubble butt interracial fuck." Say that five times fast.
Ok, I just read the title of the video, and I agree it's a good one.
Almost poetic in how it rolls off the tongue.
I had to repost because it got removed cause I didn't add TIFU at the beginning the first time.
Speak f'r y'rself I've got me nads.
That is why your pre-written cover letters are a bad idea.
Dude -- she wants your ass.
Dear Reddit,
You're all pervs.
Signed,
Else
Or rolls on the tongue, as the case may be.
I always wondered if there was a bit of Reddit which doesn't speak ...
If you do, make DAMN sure that it's a friend you know and knows you, and have an idea of their company.
Moved out for abuse, moved back in a few months later due to "friend"'s company and drugs.
/sigh
If they're fairweather friends but a better option, be prepared for the worst.
Hear'nk be'knownst int innid iddit 'nhver shortatitit 'b'didns't it alinstaid!
the pressing matter here.
Why isn't this the first question asked?
Did you look her in the eye and finish, like a boss?
do it.
Stolen phone!?
You should file a detailed police report with me while I track the GPS to find it!
Haha she's feeling better.
Nope, no herpes (As far as I know)
Deja vu, motherfucker.
story, beautiful story.
I too have shit my pants.
I was in third grade and my family and myself were at the beach.
We were renting a house that was about 2 blocks away, but even then when my stomach started rumbling I knew it was nightmare mode.
I started running toward the house, giving no notice to the rest of my family.
I'm running down the double yellow line when I proceed to shit all over the street - still running, unleashing a summertime waterfall of undigested lactose.
I get to the door and realize that I do not have a house key.
, my cousin was chasing me, and he was able to let me in the house so I could excrete whatever I had not left in the road.
of making the decision to shower like a rational human being, we decided that the best course of action was to spray cologne all over me.
I don't remember what it smelled like, or what happened after that, really.
It is probably for the best.
"Mr.
, please see me in my office after class.
I think you require some disciplinary action.
If you know what I mean."
Link to what you were watching?
Maybe she'll forget about it or move past it...?
Mine once caught me kissing my friend Tori.
Well actually my sister saw and ratted me out.
She ranted for over two hours how this was an abomination and how being gay would be disgustingly wrong.
Was I gay?
How could I do this to her.
I pointed out that she was friends with some very gay people and two trannies.
it's not the same thing.
Years later she never brought it up again.
I was also more careful about what I did in public.
ninja edit
and take some pics
It seems like an overreaction.
Did you try explaining what you meant?
Unless your friend is ugly!
our troll brains get the best of us.
I have an uncontrollable urge to tell dead baby jokes around pregnant women.
It feels like almost every other woman is pregnant here and the urge is killing me.
Every ATM records footage of you while your using the machine.
I don't know what the frame rate is or how good the pictures are, but you gotta look in to the screen to make transactions.
Their is an extremely good chance they will be able to put pictures of him up.
That sucks, but you can get your money back.
It also kinda serves you right.
You need to be more responsible.
There are many times when I've had to close the screen b/c someone else left it open and vulnerable.
Even times where people have left their debit cards or credit cards in public b/c they were distracted.
And get them to bring it back not only in the US but over here in Europe!
This is the first time in a long time something on Reddit made me LOL.
Why didn't you take lact-aide or something similar?
A box of the stuff is less than three dollars and has like fifty tablets.
alinstaid
Read that as "insta-laid".
This, however, makes me feel better about myself.
So sorry but also thanks!
Send her a picture of your asshole in response.
I laughed, I cried.
But seriously, I haven't laughed that hard in a long time, pretty well written and funny story.
I like to buy maternity tops.
I'm not preggers but it's the only place where I can get a decent empire styled top w/o showing off the goods.
I have big boobs...
they can be annoying.
I haven't worn a buttoned shirt in years.
Seems to me like you just had one hell of a party.
decide not to lock my door
welp
no headphones?
computer/tv screen facing door?
tsk tsk.
This is exactly why I never trust when someone posts on facebook that they're A) or B)Coming out.
Lacks meter..
I suggest
Big/Tit/Bubble/Butt
Inter/racial/Ass/Fuck
Just tell her to suck the proverbial dick and then punch her in the cunt.
Also enjoy being 16 while it lasts, cuz you can get away with a hell of a lot more
I felt absolutely horrible when he said he was a volunteer firefighter and that was a possibility.
bible for 2 hours for watching lesbian porn?
I'm glad I'm an atheist.
sympathy nod
And then if they buy it, follow up with "but seriously wanna get together sometimes and watch porn?".
fuck your parents
really sucks.
Don't worry, you'll have plenty of company on Reddit...
no wait, maybe you should worry.
This actually happened to me.
I was doing homework, and I think I knocked something over, some kind of minor distraction.
In that time my friend went on my computer and wrote something vulgar and stupid into the email I was writing to my professor.
It was something along the lines of "I love to have buttsex because fuck you stupid slut."
He had done it in away that I would notice and laugh.
Me and my friend stat there staring at my other friend shocked at what just happened, and it took a moment before my friend finally said, "Dude, that was to his professor!
I was just messing around!
Why would you actually send that?"
It took a lot of explaining after that...
TL;DR - Friend of mine screwed me over like this.
TIL I can watch porn on my phone.
just show her your phone while you type that into a text message and have her watch it switch it.
problem solved
It'd be hilarious if she took that as part of your grade.
Taking experimental psychology in a bold new direction.
that won't happen...
And she definitely knew.
me of the time I was thinking about 3D and subconsciously started humming the Horst-Wessel song in front of my Jewish co-worker, Jewish boss, and the Jewish company president.
I caught myself after the fourth note, fortunately.
Not only is it rhythmic, it's also semantically satiating!
i may have to file this away for future use...
just in case.
Nice try, pal.
Your prof didn't buy it and we aren't either.
Can't...
stop...
laughing holy shit
You ever hear of those people eating disgusting crap and / or something happening to them due to the negligence of the owner of insert establishment here ?
And how they then go to stick it to the man in court to win some huge paycheck?
This is your chance.
Some words of advice?
Don't fuck it up.
maybe it's a thing, but my mother bought me and my friends a case of for my 16th = we just drank them and played video games, then ate pizza, watched dvds and slept it off...
I don't think I've ever seen anyones parents freak out about alcohol consumption, certainly not to that extent anyway
And that's how you lose an argument :] If you decide to do some research and want to resume this conversation, feel free to PM me.
If not, I bid you farewell.
Thanks for demonstrating to me how you fail an argument.
Aren't they on the outside?
Your reply was 'no'.
How the hell is that a rebuttal to anything?
You took a corner to the knee...?
Think if one these redditors is your psychology prof.
Oh dear god!
save his soul!
..Or his dick!
Nail, meet head.
And so began the most awkward meet up in the history of the world
her mom's just had surgery for cancer in an ovary.
She has to be.
This is fucking reddit
Pretty sure she wants dong and not ass crack, man.
lol including the exact vid link, on here will mean if she does see this, she'll know the truth
Not to mention .
We hardly even get regular Doctor Pepper.
on your parents this could be a bad idea.
Your friend's parents could be arrested for harboring a minor.
Surely, you told him what you meant.
The post doesn't tell us if you tried to explain yourself.
Damn that sucks!
Fuck Scots
Man i have something like that.
But im portuguese so i'll have to translate to give you some context.
I was writing a message that said "I ate a sandwich" to my gf.
iPhone autocorrect changed it to "I ate a Sandra"...
In portuguese "eating" someone, is fucking someone.
So basically i told my girlfriend i fucked a Sandra.
I highlight all the stuff that might need to be changed, it makes it a lot harder to miss stuff like this.
porn, I've had probably the most horrific encounter you could imagine, at least for a 15 year old boy.
I was just branching out, growing into my body, talking to girls.
The ONE girl I was super interested in came over.
It's going great; I'm making her laugh, she's touching my arm.
All the tell tale signs that she was into me.
This is where everything goes terribly wrong.
I told her I could teach her any song.
Any girly romantic lovey dubby song her heart desires, just look it up on YOUTUBE.
She's typing, and as she types Y-O-U, I realize the porn sight I frequent is YOUJIZZ.
"Oh no, ah, er, my brother really needs to stop using my computer..."
Threw him under the bus in a second.
So fucking awkward.
Ah, hazard lights - international code for 'I know I'm parked illegally'.
Well, then she would also know it was an accident, right?
a smart person would rather have a gun ready, near where you sleep and never ever use it, than be fucked without one when you really need it.
Read that in Willy the groundskeepers voice.
[I think that this /r/ suits you...]
I can't decipher this...
Are...
Are those any relations to real words?
and made me read out of the bible for two hours straight.
and made me read out of the bible for two hours bi.
You've got 4 year old nads inside you?
what did you expect?
watching a movie with your ex...
Hey i'm not judging.
I did that several times...
it's even worse because i did it several times with the same ex.
have you guys talked since the incident?
I love Dr Pepper, but because it has to get imported it's always $2.50+ a can (whereas cans should never be more than a dollar normally)
it's not like you ignored her...
don't beat yourself over it
It was ...she was trying to turn you off beer completely nice and early.
then whats the problem, maybe everything will go better than expected
But this is damage limitation.
I'd rather look like I have poor choice in friends than be viewed as a guy who intentionally sends porn to my professor.
I smell a lawsuit...
( you go the route)
Fixed
You are using the wrong data for your argumentation.
It wasn't really talk of accidental firearm death, but situations where you shoot someone when it's really not necessary.
But i guess that's what americans do.
I think this calls for a holy shit!
I feel for you.
I remember last year I was in Hawaii with my family.
During dinner i really needed to go to the toilet and spent ages in there.
WHen we were walking back to the hotel room when that familiar feeling came back and i panicked and told my parents that i needed to go back to the hotel room ASAP.
So i was half walking half jogging back to the room and then I exploded with the force of a thousand suns when I was in the hotel lobby.
i was wearing underpants but by the time I got to the toilet in the lobby I wished i had died right there.
serious
Being grounded and having a bible reading inflicted on you for watching pr0n is obnoxious, but that's about it.
up sucks, and there's a pretty big gray area between you thinking your parents are just being dicks and your parents actually seriously being dicks to an unacceptable degree.
If you ever suspect it's the latter, talk to someone about it.
While it doesn't seem to be the case, if anyone ever lays a finger on you or otherwise hurts you for this sort of thing, that's almost certainly abuse.
Then you should definitely get help.
There are boatloads of places to turn to if that ever becomes the case.
this is just like playing mad gab.
is the answer written on your ass?
I thought it was assumed until someone roved pictures
So if the kids are partying outside, you can't even go into the garage or kitchen and pour yourself a whiskey?
Who locks their computer in the presence of friends?
You did this while drunk?
Even the cover-up?
Genius.
That's your mothers problem, not yours There is nothing wrong with you.
She needs to accept that.
At least you have good taste :)
somebody gets it
At first he was just a little angry, then later I found out about the detentions and the test.
So at the time I didn't know I was in trouble...
So I didn't really apologize at first.
What made it so much worse was that as I return to our table I notice he's two tables across with his girlfriend.
He cant score you a 0 because you said he had a small dick, especially if its wasn't explicit (the detentions he can do).
Tell your parents.
Let hellfire rain down on this prick.
That isn't scots
" someone when it's not really necessary" is too subjective to be measurable, so I'm not sure which data you would have preferred.
If your country wasn't represented in any of the stereotypes above, then by all means let me know - I can come up with more.
Of course, it's not fair or accurate to judge an entire nationality based on second-hand impressions from the media, but I guess that's just what ignorant cunts like you do.
Your mother and father fucked up by being Nazis.
Have you considered counseling to deal with this tragedy?
yeah, me too!
such ambiguity.
The first thing your parent does is make you read the bible for a few hours and not talk to you about it like adults?
Hmm, thatsss a niccce mother you have there.
Would be a ssshame for sssomething to happen to her.
that's almost certainly abuse.
that's definitely abuse.
Do Norway.
I'm sorry if this seemed like an attack towards you, when it was an attack towards gun laws in the US.
I wouldn't shoot anyone if I wasn't defending my life (or others), but it clearly seems like "shoot to avoid charges" is the mentality here.
And even then, you can own a fucking shotgun.
You are you, as a mom I can relate to how hard something like this could be hard to swallow, however...
its shitty to punish you for your sexual prefrance.
Stay strong..
things like this is why our gay youth are killing themselves.
Keep your chin up.
Give your parents time.
They will always love you.
Know that, even if its reddit, you have people who will support you thru the purgatory that is the teen years.
you lots of good thoughts, and mental hugs!
Btw...
you didnt fuck up being bi...
not a choice.
Deny it until they just believe you're a psychopath.
I was told that you can only realistically live on your friends couch for two weeks, before you want to leave, and they want you to leave.
She knew and she doesn't care.
see all kinds of hilarious sex-related behavior, questions, and ridiculous fuckups, from undergrads.
They know how horny undergrads constantly are, and it gets so you just brush it off.
(I am a prof)
I guarantee you she has told at least 1 other prof and they've laughed about it.
Not to worry though, the other prof will have countered with some similar stories about other students.
What was the street/building name you left that six pack by?
My phone had stopped working, and my friend (female) needed an SD card, so I told her she could have mine.
So I go through and delete them all, after double checking they were gone, thinking all is good I give her the SD Card.
Next day after a lecture she sees me and says "Dude, did someone else ever use your phone, or did you get a virus or anything?" I'm all "No...
Oh shit...
They didn't delete did they?"
Turns out her phone worked slightly differently to mine, and I didn't delete any of them from the card, so when she opens up the card on her PC she finds my porn stash.
There were some pretty nasty pics too...
Pretty embarrassing, but I was just straight with her, it was all cool.
Though she occasionally makes jokes about it, the wench.
lol I like it now, probably due to this incident, I didn't at first, but forced myself to drink it so I didn't look like a arse in front of my friends...
damn peer pressure
For ?
You didn't fuck up at all.
Your mom did.
If you're made to read the bible, speak aloud from Song of .
It's basically a love letter written on a wedding night describing all the kinky things the bride and groom will do once they're married.
2 reason yes For , and second i want to get a accurate picture
Well, at least you didn't send him a shitty video :)
white knight.
It's none of your business.
It's not your duty to risk your ass for random bitches.
upon closer inspection they are loafers
Looks kind of like it
Maybe that's all it would take.
god.
Buying them one at a time cold?
I'm happy to find one for $1.50 when I'm in the city or on campus.
Andrew made a point the other day that a sixpack of cold beer can be cheaper per can than that.
I'd drink Dr Pepper more if it weren't for the corn syrup, that stuff is scary.
Sue for what?
Unless there are long-lasting damages that can be linked to the expired can, it'd unlikely a claimant would get much.
Using the Bible as punishment seems like a GREAT idea and would definitely make you want to read it more.
logical.
Why didn't you email her beforehand with the story?
I had a very sick wasp underneath my computer desk once.
well, not quite.
they didn't do much beyond sharing the same couch.
but that by itself is a LOT for Liz Lemon!
good lol
As another college professor (male, CS), I'd probably laugh, then spend maybe 20 seconds thinking about how to handle it without embarrassing the student.
Then I'd probably get distracted by something else and completely forget about it until I was grading the assignments and came upon the e-mail again.
At that point I'd probably just reply saying "I think you sent the wrong link".
It'd be very tempting to troll the student, however.
For example, send an e-mail to the student pretending not to have noticed the link, "I thought your answer to number 1 was really good.
I will forward your e-mail to the class as an example of a good answer." , I'm not that cruel.
I found a machine that had them .25c each, shit was so cash change.
yep, just on the couch.
that is a lot for Liz!
I've done this too.
I was talking to this girl I really liked once and a friend at the same time.
And for some reason I was watching porn.
I sent a message to my friend saying something like "holy shit this guy is fucking this girl WHILE he has has his foot on her head".
Yeah I sent it to the girl.
I told her my cousin did it but I don't think she believed me.
people are saying: unacceptable.
an explanation and bring it up with parents and administration.
You should have read the part in the bible where Noah's daughter's decide to get their father drunk so he'll get them pregnant.
Time to switch out some pages in that bible, with hot lez-bondage stories.
Show her that ssdfs autocorrects to Sarah on your phone.
If she still doesn't believe it might be more trust issues than she's worth :-P
People with asshole friends and people who are paranoid, to name just two kinds of people who do it.
So did you die?
this only works if you have friends
forever alone
A friend of mine had a SCH-U740 phone, the model later dubbed the Alias.
This phone opens two ways, portrait mode and landscape.
My friend, Harry, did most of his communications via text.
One day in high school, my freshman year, there was some debacle which I have since forgotten.
Moral of the story is this- I ended up calling him in the middle of lunch to call him a fag.
He opened his phone in landscape mode, expecting it to be a text.
I was on speakerphone.
He was, at the time, in a conversation with an openly gay man- also the head of the GSA.
I got called out in front of the entire school for my alleged homophobia.
to say, I learned my lesson.
Christ, we have a subreddit for everything, don't we?
If this story isn't made up, you need to take this to the principal or higher.
5 detentions is excessive for a slip of the tongue.
A 0% on the test is probably against district policy and the teacher owes you an apology.
punishments for non-academic offenses are almost always forbidden.
Mum: have you used the computer to look at weird porn, I think it has a virus?
Me: What, the downstairs computer, no.
I'm sorry this happened to you, your sexuality is nothing to be ashamed of.
This summer will probably suck (as did mine when I was first "caught") but you'll eventually move out and be able to live the life you want.
There's athiest havens in most major cities if it gets worse than forced bible readings.
I had a similar experience.
I was driving my girlfriend back home and remarked to my parents that at least half of us will be back soon.
( I'm a bigger person physically than her.) It was a dumb thing to say.
She didn't quite get it, so she asked clarification.
I said "Well, I'm fatter." A better thing to say would be "Well, I'm fat." But no.
I made it a comparison.
It was a fun drive.
Yeah, but that's too...I dunno.
Cliche, I guess.
Makes it less believable.
's is much better.
I was about 7 years old (and remember this vividly), and my dad had got a new (custom built) computer.
As I was young, I knew nothing about computers, so I thought it was the greatest in the world and wanted to play games on it all the time.
My older brother was in the room next to me, and being at the age where farts were funny and looking up to my older brother, I wanted to make him laugh.
I could feel a fart coming, and thought that it would surely make him laugh.
But it just didn't cut my cucumber.
It wasn't enough.
About 10 minutes later, I felt the fart come back, but it felt much bigger.
I, once again, held it in, hoping to get an even bigger fart out of it.
After another 10 or so minutes, it came back.
This was it.
My big moment.
I wanted everybody in the fucking house to hear it.
Hell, I even wanted the neighbors to hear it.
So, grinning, I push harder than a woman giving birth, trying to make all of the fart come out at once.
SUCCESS!!
It was fucking loud.
had heard it.
I felt like I was the best in the whole world.
But I felt this weird feeling under my legs.
I look down, and just see shit everywhere.
All over the back of my legs, the chair was no longer blue, but brown, and it had even got on the floor.
I didn't want anyone to know about it, so I get up, and sneak to the bathroom, and take off my shorts and boxers.
After wiping my legs down with toilet paper, I sneak to the laundry and put my shit covered shorts and boxers into the washing machine.
I go back to the bathroom, and grab as much toilet paper as possible, and then head towards my dads computer room.
It looks like someone emptied a bucket of shit straight onto the chair.
Hoping no one will notice me, I start wiping it all up.
It wasn't working out for me, as it was just smudging it.
I had ran out of toilet paper, and turn around to put it in the toilet.
But as I turn around, I let out another fart.
I can tell you now, it was the most relieving fart I had ever done.
Shit sprays all over his computer case and the floor.
I look up, and see my parents both looking at me in disgust.
From there, all I can remember is crying, and getting in the shower.
TL;DR: Tried to do a really loud fart, and sharted all over my dads computer seat.
who would forward porn to someone else's professor should not be considered a friend.
how old are you?
Better post to Reddit.
Yeah, you pretty much might as well go all the way and smoke some meth.
For some reason, all my kid's friends from school are children of bible thumpers.
I should just get like a 3 foot bong and use it for kids games.
", Put your head on the top of it and spin around it 10 times fast, kids".
Dear slots, you're all faggot
This question NEEDS to be answered.
I remember my first drink...
Just pretend you got a virus that sends random e-mails to your contacts.
And stop masturbating!
Sex should be between a man and a woman, not a man and a hand!
Just kidding!
That is a Shel poem, right there...
My guess is she's a graduate student.
Well, did the bible make you straight?
I'm the same way, i always set my computer up where i am facing the door and my screen is NOT.
well played sir!
lol if i called out of work 4 times in 2 weeks i wouldn't have a job.
actions speak louder than words.
it's a shame it didn't cause you to shart.
could have been the best chapter of this story...
Your mother is quite the bitch, no?
Just imagine that everyone is screaming "FUCK!
FUCK!" at the top of their lungs and that it's called "Gay interracial dildos seven"
Did you heed your mamma's advice about always wearing clean underwear?...
DO NOT EVER ADMIT TO FETISH.
't even admit on here...
Buh?
I can see this point being made about some fetishes, but bondage is not one of them.
It'll fall afoul of an older, conservative crowd, but so does being gay/bi.
Norway is much the same, But this was a muslim family.
It didnt have anything to do with age.
This plus the "Whoa pal I am pooping" ...
jesus I haven't laughed that hard in a long time.
The best thing to do in your kind of situation is not to give a fuck.
You'll soon move out, as more people has pointed out, and being bi or gay is just the way some people are.
bi, and never understood the fear of coming out.
There's just no closet in the first time!
IMHO: fuck
I may wait till I see a zebra but its really a horse standing behind a picket fence.
Me baws ain't ripe yet
Start planning your escape now.
I'm not saying you should runaway, and I'm not judging your parents, but when that 18th birthday comes round be prepared.
Me j'mmies be reastl'd
You better hope Judd Nelson is there, bro
Heller!
That's the point, he says don't admit that too.
Sucks that anyone has to do that and repress themselves, but it's practical advice for surviving with crazy parents I imagine.
Tell them what they want to hear and they'll believe it.
year of college I soon learned to do it.
I could draw tubgirl from memory.
there's a time and place for everything.
And its called college.
and what's on your mind?
I read this in voice.
"Hey pal, i'm poopin'.
Ooaahh."
The thing that struck me is not to admit it anywhere, ever.
They stigmatized all fetishes with a blanket statement.
I expect an update saying that you received a raise for doing so.
Hmm, I interpreted this as "cover your bases, don't put stuff online in case they find it".
You could be right...
User names are similar.
Don't tell someone to kill themselves.
Thats where you fucked up.
But wouldn't the first one they clicked be the porn one since you sent that one first?
ssh!
let the slowly put their own religion to sleep ;)
I had a similar situation where my mom made me read verse out of the bible to her after a situation.
The funny thing was that when she handed me the only bible we have it was caked in dust and I literally had to pry it open.
I laughed my ass off the whole time and made joke about what she was making me read.
My mom looked at me like i was the devil through the whole thing.
and that, your honour, was why my penis was out in front of the children
I really hope you don't let this stop you from exploring your sexuality.
While of course you may have to wait until you move out but don't let what your parent or what others may think keep you from finding what you really like.
If you ever have any questions or just need support hop on over to or
exactly.
this isn't the rest of your life, OP.
Back when I used msn messenger I had a bunch of funny emoticons assigned to text.
One of them was a stick figure wagging his penis/testicles back and forth and the text I assigned to it was 'weee.'
One day, one of my coworkers sent me a message about being done with a part of our project.
I typed back quickly, without thinking 'sweeet' so of course, right in the middle of it was this stick figure wagging his junk.
my coworker just laughed.
I was his superior.
He was male, I was female.
Ack.
urslef
Jesus.
That was a really dumb move.
Sorry to hear that.
Any chance it was an iPhone?
You can track it and most models.
Track the jerk down and get your stuff back.
An ex of mine got that comment before, and she was very offended.
I apologized to him today and explained what happened, he reduced it to 1 tardy (which is reasonable) and hes letting me retake the test...
Let me make this perfectly clear.
You did not do anything wrong.
You're a human being and you're doing nothing to hurt anyone else.
I'm sorry your parents overreacted.
No, that stuff is corn, and is just as natural as regular ass sugar.
according to the Corn of ..
There's an app called plan b that you can force load onto your phone.
It enables your gps and tracks it.
Edit: if that doesn't work, disable the thing, and buy a new phone at your nearest flee market...
make sure you check with the provider that it isn't stolen.
Are you talking about daves ghost pepper sauce?
that stuff will give your stomach a burn just like the burn in your mouth.
uncomfortable.
But why would you sue Happy?
It's not his fault that the Iron Man Movies kept him from checking that machine!
(Yes I know that was terrible ...)
I don't think you fucked up, I think the mall did.
Not if they keep their email in sorting by most recent sent!
Don't fuck it up.
And by that, you mean, settle with them when they agree to bring back BC DP.
I guess the berries started to grow again, hence the black crap.
Fuck Slots
", regular ass sugar that has been concentrated beyond the point of recognition and loaded up with chemicals that will most likely mutate the human genome someday.
Have fun with your cannibalistic-3-eyed-8-dicked children." I say as I down some drink that has high fructose corn syrup.
"don't talk about things that serve only to piss your parents off- that is, until you move out."
So yeah, this is awesome advice.
It is irresponsible to tell kids in the closet with crazy parents to come out to them while they are still living at home.
There are far too many gay kids on the street these days because of that.
Next stop, .
Wait she's 17.
I know the feeling.
Except I was playing Yellow, and my game cartridge decided.
"No more save game for you." and promptly shut off, corrupting my save file somehow even though I wasn't saving at the time.
I read that as "Do not ever admit to fetish...
to your parents", and thought he was talking about acceptance to your parents.
I wouldn't discuss specifics of my sex life in polite company either, though, so there's that.
EDTA is added to soft drinks.
When the drink expires, EDTA is no longer effective and other compounds from the drink will begin forming benzene, a carcinogen.
You can't necessarily sue them for you drinking the expired drink, but if they've had the vending machine out for so long, that might be another problem.
Was it a black cab or a private hire company?
Edit: Also, did you call and order it?
Or just jump into one that was waiting around?
Derp
If she told her mom she was an athiest, she'd probably be exorcised or something.
fiancee
If you're , how embarrassing!
( when's the trial?
If she told her mom she was an athiest, she'd probably be exorcised or something.
Can you accidentally send the picture to me?
Kroger.
, how much I hated that, couldn't sleep for a hour when I had that!
How is this a fuck-up?
A mistake yes, but nothing serious at all
that's what friends do.
up to a certain age.
You didn't fuck up, they did.
My knowledge of this might be a bit lacking, but I thought the Bible only spoke out against homosexual behavior in men, not women.
18:22 and 20:13 come to mind.
Either way, if you have a supportive friend with a tolerant family who's willing to take you in, then you should move out now.
There's not a lot that can fuck someone up more than living with intolerant parents.
I didn't mean it.
yeah...she definitely knew.
pretty much admitted he did it right there.
we are going to completely cut it off
I have cats who love to sleep on my monitor and fall off onto my keyboard.
That's the main reason I lock my computer every time I step away from it.
Dude, you're an idiot.
That was a letdown.
The way it was worded, I thought your mom had an infected ass.
dat
Nope, it was the sauce I linked to.
Im pretty sure it was because I had an empty stomach.
When I got home I had some bread with butter and a guiness which seemed to help.
As well as like half a cup of pepto bismol...lol
Seems like she understands, so don't worry about it.
Seems like she's trying to make you feel better about it, though.
Then step on the Bible and drop a lit match on it, right?
Damn they were hung back in the day...
That's illegal.
I'm mid-job hunt.
Out of 40 pre-formatted covers, I've already done this twice.
Who tightened the lid on the thing?
Wedge it between the bicep north of the broken hand and your torso, use your other hand on the lid and twist.
And you can take your shirt off with one hand.
You'll have to learn to do this and everything else in very short notice: they're gonna put a cast on, and it could be there for months.
This is 100% correct.
The antecedent of "she" is the nation of Israel.
If you read the rest of the chapter, it's quite clear.
I was very disappointed when I read the rest of the passage after seeing that quote bandied about on the .
Hey, if fundamentalist christians get to take passages in the bible out of context, I'm gonna do it too.
But I consider my post warning to anyone that decides to look up the section for more quote-mining.
Song of , on the other hand, is porn.
, the ancient had a very different idea of what constituted erotic.
I'm pretty sure the hulk was doing my laundry prior.
I got it off by putting the bottle between my feet.
Lord, it's gonna be a long month/s.
Thanks for the tip :)
I don't see why this is a TIFU post.
I thought this was just called college.
I live in .
pokerface
You magnificent bastard!
Your intentions were honorable and you are not going to hell.
Don't be so hard on yourself!
Your mom sounds like a real treat.
You didn't do anything wrong.
Your mom did.
I don't live in , but seriously, if you need to escape, there really is ( full of people who will help you.
I have no idea why that made me laugh.
OMG, it has 2.5 percent more fructose than sugar.
HFCS is literally Hilter.
thanks, that really did cheer me up.
I honestly don't know what I'd do without Reddit, though this is the first time I've ever posted.
thanks for being so supportive.
It was worth a shot, better then doing nothing in the literal sense.
Pull up your pants.
Don't just get up and leave your family.
That's really bad advice.
First your family probably loves you more than anyone else does in the world right now.
Second I've seen people run away from caring families only to destroy what ever relationship they had with their parents left.
Just because you are in trouble now that doesn't mean your parents wont forgive you (not that you need to be forgiven).
It's just that time heals all wounds and people see things differently over time, you parents will too or at least they will careless until you are of age to move out.
away only hurts everyone I can promise you that.
Unless they physically hurt you then its better off to stay with your parents.
Most of us know how terrible it is to live in an environment that doesn't accept you.
, nerds, "alternative" sexuality and gender identity, etc.
We're here for each other.
This story made me really happy, not because I'm excited OP is in trouble but because I thought the girl killed herself and then she didn
It's just good practice, even if you're living alone...
I'm just speaking from experience.
I hate douchebags abusing drunk people.
I mean, it's the drunk persons own fault, like you in this case, but still, why?
I've seen this many times.
It's just like, douchebag kinda.
Oh well, I feel sorry for you.
That't why I disrespect the past of my Europe...
Wigle, wigle, wigle, yeah!
Anime jokes are always revelant.
That is not an excuse, even at a minimum wage restaurant job.
Don't miss work.
Don't take off work unless you're sick / dying.
your schedule with them far ahead of time.
Treat this with respect and show some responsibility.
Invade, conquer, and kill natives
Slave trade
Black men are worth 2/3 of a person
Yeah, my country's past isn't very tolerant, either.
im guessing you have never seen The Other Guys
sir, I salute you for living to tell this tale.
That rarely works out well.
did he at least ask afterwards if everything came out alright?
thirsty thursdays, they fuck us all over.
If you called the cab ask your phone company for his number.
If you were female, if you arebt' then he could've easily drove you somewhere private and tried something.
Get this scum banned from the road!
Did you stick the landing?
A similar situation happened to me.
My female roommate texts me to asks what my other roommate, her boyfriend, was up to.
I quickly type, " upstairs with Zuzu (our dog)." Zuzu to Suzy, and lead to quite the miscommunication.
You are extremely lucky.
I always wondered, 'I wonder, If i broke my middle finger, and it was always up...
If my school would care.
But that sort of breakage is unlikely, probably.
happen.
Chill.
I didn't realize this was possible.
Back when ATM cards were first popular I forgot mine plenty of times.
But I thought you have to re-enter your pin to withdraw again?
I honestly know it used to be this way, but that may have changed.
Your name makes this almost sound real.
Just be careful man, plus unless it's in school is one of the best punishments out there, "hey you fucked up, take the next couple days off".
You are completely right!
I'll contact the UN at once!!!
Sounds like a really shitty day :(
This isn't your real problem, you need to come out bro.
How many times have you done this before?
How long ago?
four year olds send porn links?
Holy shit, I've actually done this before
You fool!
You should have killed her yourself!
Bait and Switch in a good way!
you are in fine company my friend.
That's impressive.
Does your phone bill show the number's you've called?
If so, call the last number(s) you dialed that night and find out what cab company it is.
Or call the phone company and ask them to tell you the numbers called from your phone.
TIL: Why people get so excited to get a woman's pants off.
(To me, that would be the half-way mark, maybe.)
Never give a taxi driver anything that you want back.
I try to (but can't always) carry some small bills so I don't have to ask for much change back.
About that video, the thing that always got me (as an ) is that we have ( and ( and ( all of these words are in use, so if you suddenly call ( ( and ( ( then when I want (
what the hell do I ask for??
##with convenient image tags to avoid further confusion :D ##
I'm not entirely sure that was his card and cash.
Sounds like a shitty lock.
Wow, that sounds painful!
to the eye is.
When my daughter was about three, I was laying on my back on the floor.
She decided to throw a DVD case, and the corner of the thin side hit me directly in the eye.
I've never felt such intense pain before in my life.
I screamed like it was bloody murder and I thought I was going to lose my eye.
She freaked out of course, but after I made sure I was ok, I made sure that everything was fine, that it was an accident and to never throw anything like that again.
Also, this happened to a friend.
If you've ever worked with PVC pipe, you're probably familiar with PVC glue and primer.
Well he was using the glue and what he was working on was above him.
Well it ended up dripping right into his eye.
He said it was excruciating pain.
Then gelled up and had to peel the stuff out of his eye.
He got lucky he didn't lose his eye also.
Not if you justify it with the bible :p
Why didn't you just go to the toilet to fart?
Oo
and what did the bible have to say about all this?
I remember the old parable where jesus scolds the lesbian women and tells them to go suck some dicks as penance.
I suppose that would be some apropos reading material in this case.
The 25 cent vending machine at walmart with sams club brand soda never seems to work, it just eats your quarters, silently saying "cheap-ass, go use the dollar coke machine".
And you just wander away, forlorn, because who wants to waste 30 minutes waiting in line at customer service over a quarter?
touche.
Now that you say that...neither am I.
I miss berries and cream dr pepper, so much.
Not sure if this is the same guy but I read a post before saying one guy was trying to race with his company car and drove it into a ditch or something similar.
If I recall correctly it was about 1 or 2 months ago.
You have until tuesday, you know that little nest egg you have saved up?
Kiss it goodbye and get that car into a shop asap.
If its the second time you have damaged company property if your boss is smart he isnt going to trust you a third time.
If all goes well he will never even know.
shops sometimes have a dent puller(pretty much a really strong suction cup) that might work depending if the frame is plastic and where it is.
I've never had a nosebleed before.
I mean, sometimes I get punched or hit by something in the nose but the blood doesn't really ever come out of my nose.
And believe me ive gotten hit pretty hard.
It just stays inside my nose and stays in the bridge or wherever I got hit until I blow my nose again and all the blood burgers come out.
(yes, I meant to say blood burgers).
So my question is, how does it feel to get a nosebleed like you have all the time?
HOLY FUCK I did this too a long time ago.
Edit: but without contacts.
I had flushed it out quick enough and no, it did not affect my vision.
It just felt fucking weird and DAMN did it ever burn on top of my allergies.
Holy shit, what just happened here?
Which god?
Ask your mom to make you read the sections of thr bible pretaining to gays, you won't have to read that much
an auto body shop could probably fix it in two days.
I doubt your gonna get a chance at a 3rd strike.
If it's one drop of white out I doubt you would have blinded yourself, but DAMN would it sting...
I have only caused damage once before.
I got a little too close to a mailbox when dropping off mail, the mailbox kind of stuck out a bit.
I scratched the mirror and the thin strip in between the car door and the windshield.
It cost about 400 to fix and I paid for it.
My boss was kind enough to pay $ 100 to help me out.
This was about six months ago but in a different car.
He has since upgraded me to the Jetta.
I thought about seeing if I could fix it on the DL but after having a friend of mine who works in a body shop come look at it he says that it is more damage than I thought.
I may need a new door.
I will get estimates asap.
I can find some body shops open on the weekend.
Yeah, my savings is gone after this.
yep lawsuit
LIEK A BAU5!
I wasn't even aware that was illegal.
I suddenly don't feel so silly for super gluing my eye shut when I was 17.
Damn bro, I'm glad you didn't blind yourself!
Rules!
BILL BILL BILL.
I think the crow with a styrofoam cup on his beak is way more .
Fuck yeah!
Maybe this is more common than I thought, grabbing a similar bottle and pouring it in your eye (no offense) - my ex-boyfriend did the same thing with a bottle of .
While driving.
It's amazing he was able to pull over while screaming.
I don't know, I call it God.
But it's more like just an eternal being.
There's a 'whites of your eyes' joke here but I cannot see it for the life of me.
19 Ive been doin this for years.
This is just one of many many stories.
Some might go so far as to call me an alcoholic.
As long as it's a pretty explosion, I guess that's okay.
cthulhu ?
How do you confuse ( with eye drops?
You get high before the gym?!
Its actually pretty fun.
Smoke some, then go for a run on the track.
It's awesome.
its a vasodialator (sp?), your arteries widen allowing more blood flow
just a guess
you can justify ANYTHING with a good hard bible!
dude the bible makes everyone straight, didn't you get that memo?
How can he accuse YOU of being ungrateful?
What has he ever done for you that he feels entitled to lose his shit like that?
Some people man, they are just assholes because they think they can get away with it.
They see somebody who can't fight back and they just pick on them, I get that a lot in my job.
a real TRAMP
away from your problems Is a bad habit and won't work out In future situations.
Most tattoo parlors require you to be 18 or have permission from your parents.
a tattoo as a minor without consent reflects badly on your mother and If you can't see how this would upset her, you're a bad person and should feel bad.
If she wasn't drunk when you saw her, and you didn't serve her alcohol, and you met all of your responsibilities, I think you'll be fine.
I got into two accidents while working as a courier.
you're confused or in a hurry and things go wrong.
Just gotta keep remembering to take it slow.
on where you are, your boss could have business insurance.
That business insurance should cover damage to company property, which may include that vehicle.
If all the paperwork is in order, you shouldn't have to pay a cent.
oh wow, learn something new everday
POTATOES PLEASE.
Ohhh sorry...
no change.
Salads gotta be a euphemism for trees, right?
Doc knew exactly what was up, said that so OP didn't feel embarrassed
Yeah, I definitely wouldn't recommend it for strength training or anything involving heavy weights.
But for running / cycling / longboarding / etc, it's pretty great.
Let's create a time machine and correct all the mistakes people In the past have done :-D
You don't?!
I don't think you fucked up.
It sounds like an awkward misunderstanding which can (hopefully) be cleared up with an honest conversation.
If he has any personality at all, you should all end up laughing about it in the future.
If he doesn't, well, I'm sorry.
Create a new .self post with title 'I'm new here.
Gimme some karma'
Post I to
Worst school and classmate.
You don't think that suicide jokes are funny?
Then you have nothing to do at /b/.
You are still hopefull..
/rshittyadvice ?
My dad is deaf in one ear, I feel you bro.
He accuses me of this every once in a while due to the fact that he's unable to hear the context which would point towards me speaking with another person.
But as soon as he sees my lips moving without him hearing a word without me keeping strict eyecontact with the person I'm speaking with he starts feeling left out I guess.
You don't know me or her, nor what the situation was like prior to me getting it.
Of course I knew she would be upset, but ultimately it was my choice to make, and none of my family have a say in what I choose to do with my skin.
I didn't run away from any of my problems, she said she didn't want me around and so I left.
We both needed time to cool down and I provided it.
Well 1.50 is manageable, especially with city prices.
For Dr pepper i'd be willing to pay as much as $2, but i've only seen it that cheap once, and i had to run for a train so i couldnt stop and get some
Dat luck!
this is a good and honest fuck up.
A CLASSIC!
did you pay for it or what?
if you didnt + 10 guilty fuck up points
Well, this wouldn't have happened if she was in the kitchen.
Try it some time friend.
This is exactly how i warm up!
As I was reading this, I was enjoying a beer from a six-pack that I'd found on the side of the road today.
still at a loss as to why people think West are inbread...
weed + road cycling = the absolute shit.
Like stop their parents from giving birth to the cast and creator of jersey shore?
my dick got bigger reading this post
Kinda :D
If you managed to break your lock, someone else could've broken it too, making the lock ineffective.
You just prevented your bike from being stolen.
from the makers of : Cheese
Maybe you just never talked to him over three days and it has nothing to do with the deaf ear.
I applied for the wrong job with my cover letter...
there are things on /b/ that aren't suicide jokes.
I would be inclined to believe this if thurd parties hadn't confirmed that I did in fact try to talk to him.
In general, you shouldn't quit one job unless you have another one lined up already.
That being said, you could try calling your boss and asking for your job back.
The worst he can say is no, and your situation is unchanged.
He might say yes, but you'll come back at an entry level position.
Also, never just walk off a job.
While you may feel that you were being treated poorly, or deserved better, or whatever, you have to be a professional.
off is just childish.
Part of growing up is learning to take the high road.
Good luck to you.
I hope you find a new job soon.
He's the one being ungrateful for being deaf in one ear.
If he wasn't deaf in that ear, he would have heard you.
It's his fault for not being able to hear.
How is this your fuck up?
turd party confirmation.
I know that feel.
I quit because the boss was an intolerable bitch and she treated staff and customers like shit.
Three months later I'm still unemployed even with my management and other skills.
My friend is the boss now and he asked me to come back as his 2ic only to tell me after I declined a good interview that the woman training him said I couldn't come back.
I quit on good terms, I even stayed to cover the bitch boss while she took a week's leave for family matters.
Thanks for all the kind words, though.
I'm feeling better about this little shitblizzard.
You must've seen the crazy in her eyes and been hypnotized.
Good luck buddy.
Been there buddy.
Have a support network?
My gf of 5 years basically started ignoring me, which lead to me getting depressed and fucking up a lot.
6 months later she had left not only me, but the state...
and I finally got a new job that paid 3 times what I had been making and twice what she had.
Oh, she went from working in the field of her masters to retail.
Quit being beta and elevate your voice a few decibels?
I had always assumed this was common sense.
PREPARE YOUR ANUS!
You make me feel like less of a drunk.
This is not good for either of us.
tits or gtfo
Oh, and go to a lawyer or CYF/CPS/Youth Family section of the of Public .
And the ACLU.
Sounds like your parents aren't going to support your feelings and love you for who you are.
No big loss.
No big loss.
For completely different reasons I haven't talked to my family for about 4 years.
Hard :(
I hope your boss asks you, "Well, how hot was she?"
I'd rather have my bollocks squeezed
Did this a few years ago (expect for the walked off part, I gave full notice).
I spent three months unemployed with NO income and was down to my last $40 (after having put my rent on my credit card) when I got the interview that got me a job.
It was a temp agency, but I didn't care.
And I ended up liking the job, getting hired on permanently, and only left when my manager from there moved to another company and recruited me there.
Now I work for an amazing company with fantastic benefits and a ton of potential.
I don't know when you'll get another job, but you will.
It may not be what you expect or want, but you'll be so damn happy to be working again it'll seem like the best job in the world.
And you will remember this experience and learn from it.
In the meantime, you're not alone.
Many of us have fucked up the same way.
Wow, you really did fuck up then.
Since it wasnt booked, the office will have no way of helping you, as the pick up would have been off the records and the money would have gone into the taxi drivers pocket.
Take your "alpha", macho dick-waving elsewhere, please.
There were 2 fuck ups, and neither were yours.
TIFU shouldn't be your personal invitation to the pity party.
You don't deserve sympathy for a problem that could easily be solved with a slight increase in speaking volume.
You yourself seem to be sufficiently alpha/macho/dick-waving here on the net.
this to real-life experience?
Check if your shits yellow
similar happened to me about two months ago.
I didn't go to the doctor, but damn did that shit hurt.
Glad it didn't scratch your eye or anything.
I don't want or need your sympathy, I just wanted to share a story I thought was worth telling.
If I wanted advice, I would've gone to that board.
and i think it might be a (sp?) which helps you breathe better or something...
you mean yellow mustard doesn't taste the same as ?
I always assumed it was the same thing.
What does style taste like, then?
bland.
No, but it is what your parents (should have) always told you, and is therefore completely irrelevant until you realize it for yourself.
I would do it too.
I'm not homeless but I'm pretty goddamned hungry.
My job randomly drug tests I can't smoke :(
You can't read /b/ for 10 minutes without reading at least one suicide joke.
I was actually thinking the same thing.
TIL has different mustard than ours.
I found myself in a similar situation as the OP's once, except it involved mustard.
Was not fun.
made me read out of the bible for two hours straight.
I'm sorry, but that seems completely irrelevant.
This whole thing sounds a little bit fabricated.
On the other hand, if this really did happen to you, I'm sorry you have such shitty parents who have no idea what it's like to be in your shoes.
I'm not gay, but my dad has a terrible, condescending outlook on homosexuality in general.
I on the other hand really don't care.
I myself find it to be kind of weird, but it has only really mass-surfaced in the... what, decade?
I would never go so far as to criticize and patronize the concept, and personally think gay marriage is something that should be legal.
Anyway, keep your head up, and remember to keep an open mind.
I'm not going to lie to you, .
Ok, gotta go now!
Maybe she'll learn one of these days.
DAAAMMNNN STRAIT
" cheese"(processed slices) are grey and they die them yellow in the factory.
Beyind that they are a few chemical reactions away from plastic too.
man that sucks, you're never gonna get those 30 seconds back it takes to make another account.
It's amazing how much smarter my parents got as they got older.
Back when I was 16, I swear to god my parents were idiots and had no idea how the world worked.
Now I'm in my early 40's, and they have smartened up enough, that I feel I can always go to them and get sound advice, and insight.
Took them long enough.
I would of shit my pants as soon as I realized what I did...
Glad she didn't kill herself.
you do and say has an impact on the ones around you; be careful, kid.
I'm with you bro, I'm with you.
That's what car insurance is for.
I would agree...
You sound pretty out of control when you're drunk.
TL;DR Meet my (
I also left a major telecom company with no new job lined up.
I went six months before I found another job.
I was in an incredibly tough place and had to borrow money to keep up.
of family disagreements and general assholery, I lived in a van for a month in the dead of winter.
It can be really difficult in the transition phase, but when you finally land a job that is better than your old job, don't look back.
Keep your chin up.
TLDR: Know that feel bro.
yes, you did eff up.
Now learn from your mistakes
mustard, IE is a fiery death paste that burns the hell out of your mouth in large quantities, its also the most delicious thing to have with a nice smoked ham in the world.
mustard is actually is more turmeric than it is mustard lol.
bland but it makes a tastey mix with ketchup on any grilled meat item.
I did that once with horseradish sauce, i thought it was bread sauce and ate a tablespoon of it whilst at buffet lunch, vomit was repressed etc...
I'm so british i shit the queen thank you very much, how dare you call me a yank!
grim man
I have a rather strong constitution so i should be alright.
RAPE INCOMING!
I'm sorry about that, I assumed someone that couldn't hack mustard would be a yank, but damn 2 tablespoons?
That's rough going.
I know right, still hasn't put me off it though.
I had a ham/cheese/mustard sandwich for lunch today and relished every bite.
yeah, i was really lucky.
the discomfort it brought was ridiculous
hahahahahaha he did!!
it ended up being way ok.
i get high before i do anything haha.
but gym especially.
that sucks man, but gotta make that paper.
Fuck Yes!
Ive been saying this for awhile.
1.pretend to trip dropping your hot-dog
2.get new one
4.profit!
If only you were there to impart such words of wisdom, I shall endeavour to invite you next time just in case...
well they don't call me the mentor for nothing!
duly noted.
What was your job?
Like a sir.
This depends entirely on the parents in question.
Having experience doesn't mean you have had good experience, or experience that will apply to everyone.
This is very true.
I did mean it as more of a humorous personal/general take on the situation.
I do realize that there are bad/shitty/horrible parents out there.
use a condom!
good is good organized religion on the other hand is the ultimate evil
Don't be silly, wrap your willy
use a body condom.
Don't stick your dick in crazy!
crazy doesn't get the dick.
I bailed.
That shit was gross.
one hour already?
this guy must be superman.
I dont know many women hot enough for me to have stayed.
I bailed.
Am currently trying to negotiate my re-entry with my old boss.
He takes three days to answer an email though, so it's a waiting game.
service for new telephone customers.
Did you keep riding and not look back?
Can call CPS if/when that does happen, make them kicking you out a legal issue.
Fairly certain it's illegal to kick out under-18s.
We walked to the bar across the street, (the apt is actually a really cool loft, just gross as piss.) ate some food and when I got back the smell hit me.
Fuck it hit me.
Almost lost my food though it wouldnt have made a difference if it was on the floor or toilet...
Lame, but smart.
it was a pretty hard decision, and it would have been fun...but its only 8:16 pm and im only 3 beers deep.
I still have plenty of time
I second that SO much!
Gross enough that you couldn't lay towel's on her bed and have some fun fun?
Sorry man :(
haha, fairly certain?!
Don't be a fool, wrap your tool!
Wrap it before you tap it!
unfortunately so, the night is young.
i may make tucker maxx proud yet.
Psssh.
Is this in san francisco?
I'll go tap it.
I've banged chicks in dumpsters, that couldn't be much worse.
Id say nature fucked you rather than you fucking up...well kinda, how does one get horny riding a bike in the bushes without having some sort of weird fetish.
When you can't trusts farts anymore you're probably getting old.
LOL man, that is the best visual ever.
Except in my visual it's Ron in the dumpster with the girl.
rofl
Or, possibly, your parents were smart and you were 16.
back on the advice I was given by my parents at 16...
I wish I would've listened to half of it.
I didn't find it to be a pity party, I found it to be more of a comical misunderstanding.
Hey maybe Steve Martin would play the dad!
couldnt get her to go out somewhere else?
It's always cool to wrap your tool
it is a hilarious phrase though :) TIL I need to figure out a comeback to go die in a fire if the guy says he's a volunteer firefighter.
Maybe you could have saved the day by saying..
I didn't mean for you to die in a fire, I meant for you to be horribly burned and disfigured, but live!
That's a good start, but a phone call or a personal meeting would be better.
The longer it takes for him to make a decision, the worse it is for you.
You need to get face-to-face meeting with him as soon as you can.
You're not in much of a position to negotiate, so you need to make it clear to your boss that you had a momentary lapse in judgement, and you'd like the opportunity to try again.
At the very least, explain to him, as calmly and maturely as possible, exactly why you chose to walk off the job.
If your reasons are good enough, he might be a little more understanding.
No glove, no love
use protective eyewear next time?
Don't make a mistake, cover your snake.
Now, what did we learn?
woot woot!
Don't fuck someone you barely know without a condom.
I've never felt more invested in a guy who's not me getting laid.
, don't be a fool, wrap your tool.
This sounds like the episode when Ross goes to that hot girl's gross apartment.
Anyone?
Why do you have whiteout on your nightstand?
what country you from
there will be more stories to come, its summer my friend.
I've done something similar before.
I have a seasoning made of a mixture of various crushed peppers.
I had some on my finger and I rubbed my eye without realizing it.
It led to about half an hour of burning in and around my eye.
Felt like I had a sunburn under it for a while.
Put a helmet on that soldier
Never party without a party hat -my mom
Why didn't you just invite her to your place?
Invite her to a different place...?
YOU ARE THE FUCK UP OF THE WEEK, 5/20/12!
that really sucks:(((
Thank you, Mr.
OP will definitely deliver...
IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME
TAKE YOUR DIRTY HANDS OFF MY UMTHONDO WISIZWE!
In the comments he posted tht he bailed out.
COULD NOT handle the smell.
why he just didn't take her somewhere else.
, here is what he said..
tried man, she didnt want to just "leave" her friend.
I tried playing the whole lets get drunk and i had my buddy who would pick us up.
but no go man.
OP delivered?
How'd the night play out?
I am drunk, i have two new girls back at my place and were drinking gin and sprite.
Ill let you guys know.
Don't stick your dick in crazy.
I don't know many (or any) women who are down with getting it on in a place that smells terrible.
Unless they're hobos.
And lady hobos usually do have mental issues.
crazy is gone my man, good times are being had.
if youre drunk visit me in and tell me a story
Well done indeed my friend.
You have a good night.
I'm going to sit here, smoke a bowl, and make sweet love to diablo 3 all night.
Update me tomorrow!
In my visual it's Frank and from It's Always Sunny in behind a Wendy's
my friend, that sounds excellent indeed.
=D Diablo 3 wins all the way, and the bowlage is just as awesome, stay classy and have a wonderful passout!
Walk up to him, lean in real close to his good ear, and whisper, "I fucked your daughter".
Cloak the Joker before you poke 'er.
It's a common fetish for alot of people, I'd say a surprising amount.
You shouldn't feel ashamed at all.
I feel really sorry for you, it's her fault for being such a clueless drama queen.
I honestly wouldn't worry.
That was one lucky guy.
I know it wont make you feel any better but you probably made somebody else very happy.
I'M WAITING FOR AN EDIT.
check your states laws.
You dick.
At least you know you fucked up.
Don't sweat it; that guy's an overly-defensive ass.
this post hurt me as i read it
It was from finals when I was doing editing and stuff and never moved it.
I have to say it was the worst item placement in the world on my part haha.
back I have no clue, the bottle almost looked exactly like that too haha but they grooved top was all I felt and I just twisted off no prob and dumped it back.
Having only a new hours of sleep probably didn't help my situation either lol
I now know the pain the ladies feel during cleanup...
You poor poor girls...
That's insane!
Yeah I can't handle messing with my eyes.
are the max I can do, anything else gets to me.
alcohol and a sleep medication is pretty fucked up as well.
that can completely debilitate you
I've shit my pants a few times in my day.
Most recently?
FUCKING LAST MONTH!
How did it go down?
Well I was attending a very famous music festival in southern california.
Me and my group did the whole camping thing.
I didn't eat a proper meal for 5 days, and drank from the moment I woke up- every day.
to say, that fucked up my system.
I couldn't get a good shit out all weekend.
Part 1:
Now here's the horror story.
Day 3 or so into the trip, I was decently drunk but not wasted or anything.
You know, good enough to handle business.
Well me and a platonic friend decide to trek to the porto potties together.
It's about a 5 minute walk, and I just needed to piss, so I thought "why not"(kinda weird for a guy/girl to make that trip together).
Me and the platonic friend(I might add that I didn't know her very well) walk off together, somehow we began holding hands and became very physical with each other...
Well we get to the stalls, go our separate ways to do our business.
I get my piss on, and squeak out a quick fart.
Well let me tell you, what came out wasn't a fart.
i felt a slight stream squirt out onto my boxer briefs.
Now i'm thinking "I'm FUCKED".
I desperately search for something to mop of the damage, but to no avail- no TP in site.
Part 2:
I peak my head out of the stall hoping to beat my soon to be hook up.
I was hoping to hop into another stall to look for some TP to clean myself up.
NOPE, she's right outside with a big smile waiting for me!
I don't know why i didn't ditch the undies, because those were the only thing hit by the little stream, but in my panic I didn't think of it.
So I shamefully walk out of the porto potty to find my soon to be hookup.
She looked hot, and looked like she wanted to get it on.
She reached out her hand and I gave her a "high 5" instead of holding it.
I tried to keep my distance from her, and she knew something was up.
She had to have noticed the smell.
Well, let's put it this way, it was the worst walk of my life.
I just wish she acknowledged it.
Maybe even one day we could laugh about it!
part 3:
We get back to the camp site...
i was going to find an excuse to change ASAP, when we find a member of our group on the ground puking up a shit storm.
THANK GOD!
A DISTRACTION!!!
Well I let my group, and would be hookup deal with that mess while I snuck off and "changed into some shorts".
I wiped my damn ass with somebody's Tshirt, disposed of all evedence came back to the group and said "Is so and so ok?"
For those wondering, we never hooked up.
She knew I shit my pants.
I always heard "If the red river is flowing it's time for four wheel driving."
Never do this, the friction caused by the two condoms rubbing together will cause small holes.
to put a sarong on your schlong!
I like 'If the pink's on the red, take the brown'.
Oh wow.
That opens up a whole new world of these.
Irish guys often do this - to be sure to be sure.
I think that's Lot (of Sodom and fame) and his daughters...
I hate that.
My ex's dad got mad after he helped me mod my computer case, he thought I didn't say thank you.
When I clearly did, as I always say thank you.
I actually think you've done the right thing, and this is coming from a woman.
I've asked my partner whether or not I've put on weight, only to get a diplomatic "I love you no matter what size you are".
It's crap, I know it's crap and they know its crap.
I was finally told the truth, that yes, I could lose one or two kilos and the universe didn't implode.
I'm eating better and I'm back to working out.
It doesn't need to be this complicated.
With this being the only knowledge of your relationship, it seems pretty far fetched that she wanted to have sex with you :/
How is this a fuckup?
"Whoa pal I am pooping" Has me cracking up.
you know i was hoping you would respond with what and we could do a pulp ficton back and forth but...
ugh you just suck
Or, maybe, she's just an uppity better than everyone superskank.
I think drug tests are bullshit.
What anyone does of work time is their business, not the employers.
I blame the heroin/pill poppers for this.
pot is a better way to relax after work than drinking.
So how is the after life?
I guess they have internet, so it cannot be all that bad.
I picture awkward penguin when read that part.
with this being the only knowledge, for all we know she was up for a gangbang with 15 of her sexy friends
I've done this twice before as well.
is the one true mustard.
It's the required condiment for a proper 's lunch.
I touched my wiener while watching the same video that you were watching when you touched your wiener.
Now we're wiener friends!
Hey, I'm kind of late to the discussion here, but I agree with jadefirefly.
Sure, maybe this was "user error" but the ultimate problem is that you're with a bank that doesn't take the most basic security precautions to protect its customers.
I live in the UK and for me, your story sounds utterly insane and almost implausible.
Over here, every single ATM you will ever encounter returns your card before giving you your money.
I suspect there are probably even laws to enforce it.
Don't fuck around when it comes to your money.
Your bank sucks and this should never have happened.
Change it.
Learn to face the truth.
to force other people to lie isn't cool.
You'll probably get another chance.
Next time make sure to turn your phone off Xilent.
Oh I looked back.
I looked back in shame.
And then darted the wrong way down a street.
I'm not proud.
He obviously misunderstood, but it seems like he was pretty quick to assume you were making fun.
And that's not cool, Datsik.
Sorry, no offense but IMO your parents a fucking idiots who shouldn't even be parents, like what the fuck?
Failed 3 subjects and they just kick you out?
And they rely on your bro who is 10 instead?
, real parents stick to the end, imo.
Don't let that affection, get you an infection, put some protection, on that erection!
That episode makes me itch.
OH LORDY YES!
this is a brilliant fuck up.
dont worry man, imagine the stories she will tell...(the new york police department)
At least he has his friends back though.
I feel so honored.
They told me I could be anything...
so I became the fuck up of the week.
Thanks, everyone!
I'm guessing booty call as well.
Bummer, man.
NYPD: Can you describe him, Ma'am?
WRONGED LADY: Yes, he was on a bike, had a beard, and I think a plaid shirt.
He was wearing a helmet.
NYPD: Ok, we'll go ahead and bring in for questioning.
We need to see photos of the culprits.
Well, it seems like you are making progress, but they don't see it that way.
Keep trying to get through to them, but if that still doesn't work, seek outside help or legal assistance, because there is no way kicking you out at your age is legal.
, a Nero percent probability.
You ever fuck with him by randomly cutting the sound out of your voice when you talk?
Cuz from then on out, "Nah, dad- you must be having another one of your episodes."
We all do stupid stuff when we're drunk.
You had bad luck encountering this shithead.
Was it actually a taxi?
I got beyond wrecked at a club once, and the girlfriend calls us a cab.
I can't even see straight, but I'm a pretty friendly guy under almost any circumstance, so I'm drunkchatty and just basically trying to hold my shit together.
Nicest taxi driver in the world- gets out, helps me along the sidewalk to my girlfriends house.
She had the fare covered, so I tipped him 20$ (all smooth into his shirt pocket) and told him he was awesome.
He just smiled and walked past me into the kitchen.
I gave my GF the WTF look and she just grimaced and said "Ya, that's my dad."
Text her and ask what was going on, maybe she's still down!
well put sir, well put
Lemme learn ya sumfin junior.
Now I can relate, I shit away my whole high school career pretty much.
I did better senior year, but not drastically.
So once I graduated, I went uh oh...what am I going to do.
So with working full time, I started taking up programming.
slowly, and getting every bit of experience I could.
I started improving my work habits, and making better life choices.
Oh all this after my parents kicked me out.
This fall though, I will going to college for computer sciences.
that sounds a bit trailed, there is a point.
I think what your parents might be worried about, is that you are making bad habits.
You sound a lot like me, waiting till the last minute to rush and turn in a lot of assignments.
This doesn't mean anything, any one can do that.
You need to start showing your parents you can do even more.
Start doing all your chores right and on time, make sure to keep your grades up, and be proactive in your life.
I believe that once your parents see you are trying to all around make yourself a better worker, instead of a last minute blowout...then things will get better.
after i left was not a fuckup.
The girl still doesn't get it even after i explained to her why i left.
not even the best fitting most certain in working condom could have kept me there.
i laughed at this way too hard.
I always wrap the junk, always.
So, you're saying she fucked up?
im saying I fucked up by going to that apt to try and fuck her.
She fucked up by not leaving with me, . ha
Okay, that makes sense.
oh moms...
You should've pretended to be blind too.
i wouldve yelled at you and chased you...
How did she react?
Agree with other posters.
Take that lock back where you bought it, there is no way anyone short of The Hulk should be able to break a bike lock into pieces with their bare hands.
this is why the rum is always gone?
Since when do 13 year olds have phones?
When I was that old I was blessed to have a .
Yeah that guy must live in a Rustie attitude
My phone costs less than gameboy In yours 13.
Around 50-60$.
, I suppose.
I'm just going to be grumpy if you don't mind.
Damn kids.
I wouldn't call being unreasonably aggressive to grinning strangers 'having his friends back'.
I feel so bad for you people needing to study, my grades would be stupidly aweful if I had to do it.
just be envious of the non capitalistic countries...
It was the lock thing that conects to the key.
With this I learnt not to buy a cheap locker next time...sigh...
try the locker the next day and keep the receipt.
I know, IFU this time.
I've never been a fan of Bose headphones, myself.
Good luck to you, sir!
I saw someone that he thought was mocking his buddy and he spoke up about it.
He "had his friends back" in my book.
How fucking misleading, right?
Maybe I'm missing something, but "What're you doing?" automatically means "I WANNA FUCK" now?
He's blind, someone smiling is hardly mocking him.
I'm sure the blind guy would much rather his not using him as an excuse to be aggressive and self-righteous.
find him and kick the blind guys ass, tell him you are treating him as an equal
Who does the friend even think he's benefitting by yelling at you?
It would make the blind man feel sad when he wouldn't have otherwise known the difference.
Yeah, in the end nothing bad seemed to have happened and I guess it goes without saying that you'll keep this lesson in mind for next time!
Im glad that your boss went for the second option!
It was in the booty call territory.
If she didn't want sex, she shouldn't have texted him.
"For science, here's the link I sent her", "link I sent her" "sent her" "her"...
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Hope your hand is alright.
Sorry about the shit show that last night seemed to be for you.
If it makes you feel any better, what usually gets me through situations/evenings like that is that bad decisions make for great stories.
im glad he did too, we were fortunate that there was no considerable damage, just some messy sand and a belligerent drunk girl.
makes mistakes,bro.
I wish you all the best with that boss situation
Dude, teach me!
First time I went out and drank heavily, I woke up the next morning with a bloody face, a cut hand, and what I later realized was a concussion.
Now it's my go-to story to tell people when everyone is sharing tales.
OP, eventually you will find the hilarity in this situation.
And who knows, perhaps you'll regale some other prospective ladies with this tale.
Just be happy you didn't get her pregnant
My hand is fine, but my pride may never recover.
no one knows my shame...just yet.
We'll see if word gets around.
To be fair, biking drunk is so dangerous it's preposterously stupid anyway.
You say that you are not gay...but you tried to put 3 carrots inside of your butt hole.
Would have been a much more serious TIFU.
Don't get drunk next time
that sucks, reminds me of a saying (paraphrased) don't put women on a pedestal
and weed is apparently worse than alcohol...
"TIFU: I got on my bike while drunk."
, contrary to popular belief, cheese is made from the whey of cheese.
dude I was in the same position as you last year all I can say is power through to the end of school and dont miss an assignment.
study your ass off for the tests and you should come out of this ok.
I had C's D's and F's to show for and ended up with C's and B's by just doing those simple things.
This year I applied those same obvious/basic things to my life and now have near a 4.0 gpa.
At least you learned from it you still have time to correct things.
be gald, seh has herps.
everytihgn went better with excpections.
I think you might owe that gentleman a pizza.
lol, what?
But big tits and bubble butts are awesome...
Who is the girl in the video?
She is fucking hot.
For, like, science and stuff.
fapfapfap
It's illegal for a reason!
I feel like the last two were more important...
The thing with the girl isn't really a tifu.
We get it.
Your e-dick is bigger than ours.
Will you please fuck off and move along?
I fucking LOL'd at thurd parties.
No idea why.
ice hockey with your buddies while high is pretty fun.
I wouldn't do it for a competitive game though.
You got so close to living up to your username.
accauly iss dolan
I only like the spicy mustard so I would have loved it.
(assuming mustard is spicy)
...How does that make him gay?
Edit: Fuck you, don't be a bitch and downvote me.
Answer my question.
How does that make him gay?
, at least you tried, I'm a super friendly drunk and I'm too worried about ruining anyone's night to any make a move on someone.
drunk and getting denied a kiss is extremely embarrassing (It has happened to me once).
The way I dealt with it is I just stopped hanging around those people, not the best answer I know...
Don't make eye contact with her ever again.
If that doesn't work, you'll need to come up with a Plan B.
how fat?
hit it
to you once?
I see we live different lives.
Mr .
it matters
Me and her both cried, alot.
HOW fat?
like 300 lbs fat?
Or just kinda chubby?
If its the latter Id go for it.
your okay Vince, She was way fatter than you.
I repeatedly denied this girls advances.
pretty obviously but also politely and respectfully.
what is plan B.
WHAT IS PLAN B
I wont say 300, But big enough to know i wouldn't put her on top.
That's a game breaker for me...quite literally.
I think PLAN B is to do something she would find absolutely repugnant.
How much do you know about her?
Maybe ask her to join a gang bang with you and your roommates?
Or, you could eat some leftovers off of a customer's plate?
Be creative!
Game?
Sounds like she'd break something else if you catch my drift.
...I'm talking about your penis.
I was referring to my penis.
Its nickname is game.
don't ask.
Maybe ask her to join a gang bang with you and your roommates?
Don't do this.
She may say yes.
Why is your penis' nickname game
YFW she loses weight and turns out to be incredibly hot
This is a valid concern.
Maybe you could share some offensive links with her.
But where on earth would you go to find something sufficiently horrifying to quash her interest?
I just can't...
Well, my game's nickname is penis.
Did we just become best friends?
Sounds to me like you need to lower your standard to higher your average.
Fat chicks can be fun.
They tend to try a lot harder.
I say go for it.
Nope, I am in college!
It was a leadership conference.
, will check it out!
I looked had trouble finding them!
Any good websites you know of?
Done done.
Great idea - I'll have to clean out my room!
mfw I read "EDIT: She's Fat."
OH YOU DO
Show her the bat wing when least expected.
Hit in the walk-in cooler, quit your job, move and possibly change your name.
She's the reason there was an eclipse.
ill show myself out
it could be worse...imagine if she had pressed charges for harassment
Those of you who took the broath need to help him ditch the fatty.
Does she have a good face?
Hit the gym, delete your facebook, lawyer up.
Hard enough to dub someone the King of when they take you out of it.
"So i herd u liek 4chan..."
he lost it.
Haha :D
i mean this with the utmost respect...
fuck you
If she's fat like a cow you should tip it
fat?
she'll probably give you the best head ever.
What did you do that is getting you kicked out?
Odd question, but do you live in , wi?
that sucks so bad!
as she swallows me whole?
i'm very sorry, but i'm not into vore.
PENIS!!!
Dm;sa
Aye, smash it to pieces I say.
doesn't matter; slapped ass.
c'mon
MASSIVE backfire potential.
To be fair, said coworker is pretty attractive.
I would be lying if I said I hadn't thought about it before...
Shit yourself in front of her.
Or nut up and just fuck her then tell her you have aids
interlued pls
thats the spirit
Naw, I'm a redditor, but I don't enjoy the suffering of others.
Ok, maybe just a little...
Ok, a lot.
But not that much..
Fuck, you just gave me this idea.
IT'S NOT GONNA BE MY FAULT.
I knew what it was, yet clicked it anyway...
Whats wrong with me
by fat chicks get a 7/10 from me, because they're always hungry and often don't get much of ye olde drawbar.
To be honest, my experience is only 2 fatties, but they did alright.
Any friends that would let you sleep in the garage?
Try that.
Go look for random work on .
If you're religious, try a church.
I hear those people like to help.
Wow, actually made me laugh
What part of "don't ask" is it you don't understand?
You made at least four mistakes in a span of four words.
They are:
Whose okay Vince?
Comma goes before "Vince."
goes after "Vince" (every time you commit a comma splice, a puppy dies)
This isn't German.
"She" is a pronoun, not a proper noun.
Then OP gets a multimedia text message of a pooper-engulfed sharpie.
I think Plan B is what OP buys right after he gets drunk and does the nasty with fatty.
Big girls need love too!
I guffawed at the end of that.
Did not expect it.
She's so fat the last time she went swimming Herman wrote a book about it.
I'm running for the door now
So fat that Jabba the Hutt said DAAAMN!!!
Fat chicks need lovin' too!
Quit your job.
[You successfully avoided pulling a Smokey.] (
You're doing god's work son.
Keep it up.
Go for the tactic.
Let her catch you picking your nose.
The further up your finger is, the better.
she's too much motion in the ocean.
I think you should just straight up tell her "hey, I don't start things with my co-workers", say this, even if it's a comeplete lie (guys gotta stick to their game).
A while ago IFU?
Damn and I thought I was fat
But they gotta pay
I'm not interested, thanks.
Should have been your plan A.
I love you for that
I thought this was going to end with a sexual harassment charge.
If all's you have if a fattie after your dick you can't complain.
all you people think you're doing good work...
in reality it doesn't matter how he decides to spell his words or where to put his commas (if any at all).
did you understand what He wrote?
I most certainly think so.
I would like to politely request that you not bother with trying to "fix" his (or anyone's) "incorrect grammar".
This is a discussion thread about a silly experience in OP's life...
no need to be a grammar stickler!
(/ohcomeon)
I am aware that I split an infinitive and capitalized "He".
Oh, and dangling prepositions are something you'll have to deal with.
As amusing as this thread is it offers little advice, so I'll try.
speak to her privately and apologize for accidentally (touching her bum) disrespecting her, you didn't mean anything by it..etc.
Plan B perhaps a little white lie; I don't date people I work with, I'm seeing someone etc.
Did the same thing with nasal drops once.
, they worked.
More surprisingly, I turned into X-Man .
I don't date people I work with
read "I don't date people with..." That would be people with the fat
How fat are we talkin' again?
How fat're we talkin' again?
In high school we were writing a paper for my favorite teacher and my buddy left to go to the bathroom.
We can read, that's just a selfish way to think.
The money isn't "free," it comes at a cost, to another person.
I live in and quite a few ATMs here don't even 'take' your card.
They just require you to insert it and pull it out quickly.
Edit: That's probably a little confusing.
metaphor here, but sex.
you've got your hand wrapped around your dick while you're pumping your girlfriend.
You're 'entering,' but your hand never loses contact with your dick.
And if you're like me, it's usually one quick jab and then you're all done.
Do you know where the time masheen is?
That was actually pretty funny.
I lol'd heartily at "You come to me on the day of my daughter's penis."
I am pointing out that that is what the other person was thinking, and that not acknowledging that other people are like that is silly.
Me and 2 friends were walking down the street in one night and I had a Pepsi can.
A cop comes fucking SPRINTING across the street and tells me to stop.
I was mortified.
When he reaches me, he looks at the can and said that he thought it was a beer can and apologized to me.
I think we were all 19 at the time.
Fair enough I read over your first comment again and it all adds up.
Read it with a different connotation in my head at first.
Cheers and have a good day buddy.
Same here, but instead of 'happy' put 'disappointed' and instead of 'not because I'm excited' put "I don't care if."
He didn't say that he's called out of work 4 times, just that he's had to ask for time off for 4 different things.
There is a big difference.
That's a bit different than stalling, and dumping the clutch like that can easily damage the vehicle.
Offer to do her, but for a price...
per pound.
I'm a smoker, and if someone else intentionally blows smoke into my face, it pisses me off.
You're lucky you didn't get punched.
You haven't lost, changed or fucked up the love from your parents.
You've certainly made a conscious effort to test its practical applications.
The fact that you had to "make up" assignments clearly shows that you are not willing to do the work outright.
Your parents recognize this.
They love you, otherwise there would be no threat of consequence and no consideration for your grades/development as a responsible adult.
They are likely shocked (if they aren't used to it), frustrated (if they are), disappointed (either way), and pissed (which is good for you.
It means they know you aren't an idiot).
You might say the workload was too much or that your teacher wasn't practicing the right method "for you", you might even cop to being lazy.
It doesn't matter.
It really does not.
The work does not care why it was not done.
The grade does not care who it is attached to.
It is your responsibility at this point.
You can blame no one.
The truly shit part has nothing to do with your parents...
...there are probably people in your class that can't spell or arrange sentences as well as yourself, yet they aren't failing subjects.
Think about that for a moment.
a blatant (3 classes) lack of effort, you are being surpassed by those not as capable as yourself.
Is this a pattern you would like to persist in?
TL;DR Quit being lazy.
You're less than two years from being responsible for your own survival in this world.
It's crunch time and your parents are trying to get your attention.
Wake up and handle your shit, this situation is unnecessary and beneath you.
Good luck, work hard.
Also, be thankful that your educators have put in the effort to assist you in making up assignments.
No one has to give you a hand.
No one has to help you.
The sooner you realize that other people are doing you favors for failing, The sooner you may stop taking advantage of them.
and at least now you know she isnt all that into you.
i think this is a good outing.
kept job, slapped ass, found out she isnt into you, all without the awkward phase of asking and finding rejection.
I just don't think we can be friends anymore...
Whose Who's okay Vince?
This is a contraction as you are asking "Who is okay Vince?" Whose is an interrogative to determine ownership.
Hit it and hit is hard.
Fat girls fuck like they have something to prove to you.
Plus its super warm and squishy.
If it makes you feel better, I got laid off from my job the same week that I closed on my house.
TIL sexual harassment is okay if it's towards fat chicks.
because fat chicks could use a little sexual harassment.
You're okay, Vince; she has much more body mass than you.
Are you Asian or Indian?
he may not want a male penis, specifically, I could see how repeatedly enjoying fucking yourself with a phallic object could be classified as "homo-erotic behavior".
The action, although not directly "gay", is a simulation of a penis going into an anus.
It really doesn't matter what's on your mind at the moment.
We will henceforth refer to the scenario as 's since he is both gay and not gay.
The original statement was "Your okay Vince," implying ownership of Vince.
The question "Whose okay Vince"?
was clarifying who owns Vince, not who he is.
If that was in response to "You're okay Vince," then you would be correct.
rotsky'd
haters gonna hate.
I'm just stating it as it is.
Wrap it before you tap it.
college and a part time job, apply next semester, take courses that can transfer credits and quality values flags.
RUNKEL!!
Can you find the door in the dark?
In the long run walk, old people don't really matter.
Taking the handicapped spot from a truly disabled person, that would have sucked.
Old people are not special because they have been here longer.
You'll realize that as you become one of them.
It's a sad truth we don't want you to learn.
EDIT: "Sweet".
You tasted them?
You're the type of dude that ends up trying to pet a bear.
I completely disagree.
anything on reddit should be taken as a formal event.
It was my fault for being a grammar Jew.
In case your wondering though,(;?) I up-voted 7 different posts by you to make up for the karma you lost by sticking up for me.
What was the pancake?
I'm glad you're ashamed
, however the problem with that logic is the ownership was already stated.
If it's "your okay Vince," that asking whose "okay vince" it is doesn't make sense, it's yours.
the implication becomes that knowing the owner, you would want clarification on what, or in this case who, the item is.
Your fantastic keyboard cat.
Who's keyboard cat?
You're fantastic keyboard cat.
Whose keyboard cat?
Well that's bad then.
Also it was four years ago, and we never talked about it.
Wow, your poor friend.
(Ex-friend, after that?)
If she's religious, start dropping tidbits of on her.
If she's an , start praising Jesus every minute.
I would like to offer you a position as my Chief .
out of blue waffles.
Never mention it again.
You are not to bring it up ever.
They can, but not you.
Hit it.
Then if she's still down for it, have some sex.
The red 'cake was her pad.
i look forward to a pension as well as oppurtunities for advancement.
thanks for the offer, consider it accepted.
waking up to that would suck!
On a scale of 1-10, how certain are you that OP is giving the full story, and not the story that he wants us to hear?
you are right that it would have sucked that if a disabled person came by and needed that spot.
but in this story, they didnt need the spot.
lets keep it in perspective.
the only people affected was the OP who felt bad and the old people who had to walk a bit further.
...and why would i want to pet a bear?
thats about the stupidest insult anyone has tried insulting me with.
i replied to this post like 2 weeks ago.
i moved the eff on with my life.
you should do the same.
i mean all i said was "on the bright side, they got much needed exercise.
" tell me whats so bad about what i said?
Poor thing.
I hope you apologized!
Can we have a picture yet?
It's been 2 weeks, wanna see Mr.
Piggy healing...
I was trying to picture how that even happened...
but then quickly decided it was best not to.
After vomiting a bit and washing my mouth out, yeah.
The smell was putrid.
If it's any consolation, if you put it in a shoe box then the weight of the dirt probably crushed it.
So it couldn't have woken up since it likely suffocated in it's sleep.
Jeez, weak stomach?
you know, I thought seeing a guy give his 20 year old sister a nipple-cripple was pretty high on the cringe-o-meter, but this really raises the bar.
I am really confused based on the OP's responses.
Can someone explain to me what actually happened.
It was my fault that I made the mess, so I had to get rid of it.
Didn't help that it was in the dead center of the classroom, of a large science lab.
The liquid permeated through the paper towel.
But I want to know.
Why would her pad be on the floor from giving someone a wedgie?
Also, based on his/her response below, why would the OP smell it and throw up?
The hell is a nipple-cripple?
True, this does raise enough questions for me to be curious again.
my personal favourite alternative name, the (
I hate to be that person, but...
I call BS
What was she wearing (a skirt, pants, shorts)?
Dig it up.
still alive if it hibernating.
They bury themselves in the mud, don't they?
Didn't your host wonder why you were crying?
Eh, proof?
For sceince...
If this is true of all turtles (haven't done my research) I may have done the same..
it tastes very sour thats the best way to explain it
"Who's Okay Vince?"
I'm done here.
EDIT
I had to add this:
I drank a friend of mines beer once, turns out it expired atleast a decade earlier (It was a budlight mini I believe) I didn't puke but man did it taste funky.
That's just grim dude, but I approve of your equal opportunity wedgying.
LOL at the have/had a good relationship haha
You truly did fuck up bro.
Yeah, post is in all likelihood bogus.
I can imagine how this might happen, but I think this is more likely a 13-year-old expressing his obsession with the bodily functions of women.
We are witnessing the development of a very bizarre fetish for being forced to clean up used feminine hygiene products in front of strangers.
and his username puts him clearly in highschool...
Fake post is fake.
Just dropping off my pad, care or more?
I am doubting he buried it deep enough to be crushed.
Maybe a foot down max.
I think you're on to something here.
Plus, he called it a "red pancake".
I don't mean to be gross, but the pad wouldn't be completely red.
Nobody let's it get that bloody.
His facts don't add up...
I just realized I buried my turtle because it stopped moving too (when I was a kid).
answer this.
Is this entire subreddit full of fake shit?
All I'm going to say is skirt + teachers not allowing kids to go to the bathroom = recipe for disaster.
This story does only make sense if OP is young though.
Here's what ya do...anti stalk her!
Find out her schedule and avoid her like there's no tomorrow!
About number 2...yeah, it can smell pretty damn putrid sometimes, even after a few hours.
with a heavy flow.
Also, pads don't absorb ALL the blood.
There can be some clots and enough blood to make a lil splat.
, I have no idea if this is fake or not, but I'm leading to fake.
But next time let a woman point it out, 23s of your reasons are kinda not real reasons.
And by the way...sorry for the tmi '
As a former pad-wearer, maybe I can clear some things up.
About the sticky backing on a pad- it doesn't always hold so well.
if it is soaked (sorry, lol).
Some backings are simply shitty, depending on the brand she was using.
Also, it is possible for the pad to not soak everything up well, therefore causing a "puddle" on the pad.
Again, depends on the brand (the cheaper the shittier) and her flow (whether it's heavy or not).
About the smell- sometimes one may get a strong smell of blood depending on
1) how long the pad was worn,
2) how much blood was soaked up,
3) how old the blood on the pad was.
I wouldn't say putrid, but that may be debatable.
I suppose if the stars were aligned, this could have actually happened.
are this story was embellished to make fuck up of the week.
I call BS on this.
This is fake.
There's no way the pad would fall down, seriously.
All of them have this sticky glue and it just can't come off.
How did the pad fall?
Was she wearing a skirt?
Why the hell would anyone wear a skirt while on their period...?
I doubt you know how a pad looks like.
Yeah, it starts to leak when it gets that bloody, so it's a bad idea to just leave it like that.
I've done that a week after my friend's mom committed suicide.
I feel you pain man.
you two will still be friends.
Maybe I should drag my knuckles and lick the cashiers desk while I'm at it?
Are those kind of "fries" even served in the US?
Isn't that half the reason to go to college?
But I might be a rare bird.
I think you rally are.
Other profs with egos the size of solar systems?
I wasn't aware there was any other kind.
you fucking fool, YDI!
It's a part of my school uniform, so it may be a part of OP's.
But his story is bull.
And that ladies, is why tampons are the route to go.
wow never heard of that subreddit, i didn't know people were that cool: faith in humanity restored.
I found a hognose snake when I was young, and took it home.
Later it had died for some reason, so I buried it...
Turns out, they play dead...
I went back after I learned this and it was gone.
for the better.
This actually happened to me also.
One of my closest friends mother had passed away and I had him for class (a week later) and we were making momma jokes and he was as well.
I cant remember what exactly it was but it was something about his mother (duh) before I could finish the joke I stopped.
we both stared at each other and then I apologized.
He said it was cool, good thing are close friends.
If he didnt try this by now then screw him
There's me- I try to reign in the ego a little ;-)
(I'm a coach in athletics as my full time, then adjunct teacher, yoga teacher, recovering 8th grade teacher...)
hmm.
It then appears we are of different opinions on the matter.
I apologize for taking away from the intended formality in your post.
If you're wondering, "though" should be surrounded by commas, on both sides.
Thanks for reading through my post and being understanding.
I've dealt with too much period blood today.
I forgot about it a few hours ago.
This reminded me.
You're an asshole.
dig it most likely woke up after it was done hibernating and found a nice place to kick it somewhere nearby.
We should get the picture...for science.
For a year?
It was dead gone, or ran away gone?
I know it says "Today I fucked up," but I think this is something more along the lines of "8 years ago I fucked up."
Dig it up.
What the fuck are you waiting for?
And now you're tagged so I'll stalk you until you post an update.
it was a year ago...
read the post again
Last year
Could have been in , for all we know.
And wouldn't it be interesting to see what's left of the turtle anyway?
This really shows the ambiguity of language.
will only hibernate if they are in the cold.
If he was inside than he will never hibernate.
This needs to be at the top.
My friend has a tortoise, and he hibernates in the winter because he roams the backyard, but it's not a set month thing.
It's totally dependent on temperature and light, so some really warm sunny days in winter, he comes out of his hole and walks around.
Edit: so if the turtle stopped moving while inside and warm, the turtle probably died BEFORE being buried.
Just to be clear.
During your next interview call it a learning experience.
Now you know to ask more questions when you don't know something.
IDK where you live, but in the states they can't just kick you out.
You're still a minor and they are still responsible.
I don't even think you're fired.
You'll be chewed out.
Keep it together, indicate how you'll do better in the future, and move on.
Thanks, never thought of spinning it that way
I dunno, seems good enough to me.
Though you are right about the little clots and all, I was quite happy after I switched to tampons, pads are pretty gross feeling.
I never really had a problem with the smell though, but perhaps that's just me.
Dude, tell the guy what you meant.
He's an asshole with a tiny dick if he's giving you that harsh of a punishment for such a SMALL THING.
, if you were IN THE BIKE PATH and she was leaning into it to try and hail a cab then she deserves it.
I HATE WHEN PEDESTRIANS SAUNTER ONTO THE FUCKING BIKE PATHS.
Ehhh, maybe it's true.
There's no way to really know.
But glad someone agrees.
did you get all that?
for being relevant to turtles everywhere.
You just saved me from feeling like shit.
I buried more a few years back because it stopped moving and eating.
No bike path.
Its a lot harder to high five people hailing cabs there.
I was in a laneless avenue, just being a jerk.
ooh, it was a female teacher to boot?
It should work just fine.
Now you're thinking with .
idk man, I think he didn't call me in today on account it was 15 minutes till the end of the day.
Still I guess I should not go in expecting to get fired, and just be ready for anything
interning to what exactly?
Your story is worth her suffering.
It's all about the wording and attitude.
When you meet your boss later admit you should've asked more questions about tasks you were unfamiliar with.
Follow it with: I am now better informed for the future ,and look forward to redeeming myself.
Admit your weaknesses, highlight your strengths and retain respect for yourself.
Don't let your boss curse at you just b/c he's your superior.
That's no excuse for treating an employee (paid or otherwise) with disrespect.
Except for the whole, you know, "last year" part.
make soup
This seems like one of those things that just happens and you have little control over.
Just a peaceful day mowing the lawn and then bam, a rock hits the glass, and the cracks begin to show.
don't worry, when you show you know full well what went wrong and show you take responsibility + how you will avoid this in the future, they will appreciate it.
I always think to myself "it could be worse.."
What show?
Thnx :)
Lying is never a good way out, especially with grades.
You just have to tell them that your grades are in the shitter and that you're sorry that you lied to them and then hope for the best.
If you need some help with chem pm me.
Thanks for the offer, but it's way too late now, and no way am I taking chem next year.
I know lying is stupid, but my mom just kept yelling at me and telling me she didn't care anymore, so I disabled the email.
This is my new favorite novelty account.
That's a bit...
morbid...
Either way, FOR SCIENCE!
Best TL;DR I've heard in a long time.
I had a turtle that I kept indoors and he definitely at least attempted to hibernate in the winter months.
Even buried himself in the mud/peat moss turf inside the tank.
I want a tortoise in my backyard!!
He probably wasn't eating because you were trying to watch him eat.
You should write a book on how not to take care of a turtle.
at least it wasn't a week late
My sister once had her blood soaking device slide down her pant leg and onto the floor during a gym run in highschool.
And then you want to move in with the abominable snowman from monsters inc.
and never come back again.
GF here.
Can confirm.
One of the few TL;DR's that I have laughed aloud to.
You crushed your Crush's foot?
Define "rely" in this case, I'm a little confused.
vegetables made me lol.
Don't beat yourself up, every guy has made that mistake at one point or another.
yourself lucky that the only collateral damage was the bathroom and not your chest and face.
What alternative would you prefer?
He's my favorite.
His name is Harvey.
He's way more social than I was expecting when my friend told me he had a tortoise.
The day I met him, I sat kinda by him, and he walked right up to me and let me pet him and chilled with me for a bit.
He does this most times I come by.
He's got a hole/tunnel type thing in which he hibernates and sleeps at night.
He's super chill.
And this is the point where he now has PC to search you because he honestly thought your pepsi was a beer.
You must of had a strange turtle or a cold house.
I've had a turtle indoors for over 4 years and he never changes in the winter.
i have had the latter happen before.
I immediately stopped(didn't even mind the pain) stripped everything off and immediately entered the shower
Pain?
Like from snapping your pants back too far, or one of those pisses that turns your dick into a fire hose, or what?
That's a new one
the pain from stopping a piss in full force.
if you have never done it, try in the morning
Piss.
Gotcha.
edit: WINK WINK
That probably went as well as it could possibly drawn up.
a better mistake than catching two snakes and putting them together because they seem like they'd make fast friends.
I was reading thinking the same thing and was going to give you a nice supporting post until ( song came up on .
You can't bullet point your way out of that one.
Ran away.
dead successful.
(Does not mean you can play dead in front of a bear, it will still try to eat you)
Dont mow rocks in glass houses.
lemonade...
only 25 cents a cup?
If you can afford an iPad, you'd better learn how to type on it.
I hate people who pull the race card.
If I was racist towards black, it means I hate blacks, and I would constantly ridicule and demoralize them.
, if I make a joke about blacks being known for, say, stealing, or being ghetto, that doesn't make me a racist, it makes me a human being who can laugh at himself and at others.
No worries; according to reddit this is at worst 25% as bad as missing the toilet when you take a piss.
Upvote for you good sir.
a (Black) Kid was arrested at my school for Drugs and .
So i decided to put a status saying "Kid got arrested at school.
Not surprised he was a GHETTO black kid." I emphasized the Ghetto for a reason.
I in no way targeted black people.
But yet i got all the hate comments, and a group of kids that lived in my old state () threatened me.
I replied with this "Cool you'll be in the back of a cruiser soon then".
Its not racism its the actions of people i hate.
To be fair, at least they gave you the option to see the greatest show on turf.
Don't be so negative.
I know this phrase gets old, but in the word for crisis also means pity fuck.
HAHAHA this happened to my boyfriend before but he peed on his face...
and the floor...
and the shower curtain and the toilet (it was a morning pee after a night of beer) I laughed so hard at him think I blacked out from not breathing.
This happens to me like twice a week.
Don't beat yourself up, switch back tire for thingy that changes gears and I did the exact same thing, only sober.
When you think about it, you got the ultimate life gift: a learning experience and an excuse for doing it.
Next time she calls you for a ride home it will end up being twice as special thanks to you accidentally playing hard to get.
Been in the same situation.
Didn't kill my little bro, but wish I had.
It'll be extremely strenuous emotionally and psycholigically, but you need to be thinking long term here.
Play it smart and you can be sitting on the attention of the firstborn with the lack of pressure of coming next.
If you have the drive and some modicum of talent resources like ( can be helpful, though it's not the shortest term solution.
If you're still in trouble, just re-apply as different ethnicities until your dreams come true.
Don't be afraid to take some initiative and get in there in person.
If you need motivation check this out first:
Carry yourself with a fraction of that poise and eloquence and you'll be golden.
You've got nothing to lose besides whatever shreds of self esteem you're still clawing on to and maybe a recommendation.
Heavy is the hand that wants a squeeze.
At least you picked the right class to pull that kind of stunt on.
When she replies with just drop a "hmm, interesting" or "just as I thought" and your depravity becomes dedication.
I can only hope haha!
You're like the Walt of discussing bodily functions.
Have fun with it if you don't believe me, even just for a day.
You might be surprised what different attitudes in your position will lead to.
"The lock thing that connects to the key"?
, no part of a lock should be able to be broken (or harmed in any way) with bare hands.
Demand a refund, or a replacement with a higher quality lock.
DM; HR
Small thing.
On the bright side, you may have created a new euphemism in the process.
It's the circle of life.
Random asshole fucks over cabby, then cabby screws you, and you hold it in until you're ready to explode and eventually you die.
The silver lining is that you could always consider this a cheap crash course on vacationing in New .
Wow, I've been reading everything on this subreddit tonight and this one is easily the hardest one to put a good spin on.
I'm glad that you and your family seem found a way to take a loaded situation and use it to grow.
that, I guess you could at least probably rest assured that you made someone on 's life.
Dude, the rock is like, part of nature man.
So not your fault dude.
of course but know in your mind that it's not like you could've automatically known if it hadn't come up.
Unless you did know, and it slipped, then still, you can't fault yourself for it.
But if you did know and it wasn't a slip I don't know, I can't help, you're probably a bad person.
the old sloppy left hand fap so not to get sticky mouse...
Unless you meant classic like maybe how the internment camps were classic USA, in which case I'm sorry and well played.
I don't know why this struck a chord, but this story, and more importantly any commenter that tries to mollify the perpitrator to me represents literally everything I hate.
In the world.
So much that fuck it, I'm making this a three paragrapher.
Ok, now take the combination of hatred, annoyance, indignation, or whatever emotions those last two paragraphs caused you to feel and multiply that by 100.
That's about where I am right now with this FU.
TL; DR: Thank you for your time, and go fuck yourself.
The only thing I can think of that would be more embarrassing then destroying a car in a fast food drive through is not having a company car insured out the ass.
this plays out ok for you - you have all kinds of deniability, and probably a few more wholesome options as well.
And if it doesn't, at least know that in the cosmic grand scheme of things your karma should be clear.
at least not homemade mayonnaise
Your TL;DR is amazing.
You could write a rap song.
This happened to me before.
Except it was a clogged cap to a curry powder shaker.
My eyes burned for a whole day.
Come on, you of all people should know you can't just go around breaking glass...
promises were made.
He should just be thankful that rock didn't end up going in for the kill.
A real would have tried to work out a joint op mustard assault on the hot dog.
If that only makes things worse, just leave it out for the hosts to deal with.
lol i guess so :)
I don't think that's normal.
Oh ow!
I'm sorry to hear that.
The burning feeling is the absolute worst discomfort.
I believe you may have accidentally a word.
First time I've ever actually used it in a sentence.
I just remembered Jeremy saying it a few times and it made me laugh...so I figured why not use it here?
You could be working in a couple of days, and you'll make more, way more.
you can't stop once you've started, it stings.
It was 2 years ago at this point, but I did get enough of a severance package to carry over until I found a new job.
Things usually work out in the end, regardless of the fact that it feels like all hope is lost at times.
I've never really had that problem to be honest.
The only times I get a little sting are occasionally when "switching pipes" and maybe after a sketchy hookup.
Dude there is no need to put TL;DR's for a 4 line text...
Funny, nonetheless.
Dude, that's just messed up.
There's so much porn out there, and you chose The ?!
Yeah she is pretty hot.
but you just got off to The .
I never really had a problem when people make jokse about either of my late parents really.
As long as I know it's done in good humor and not as some hateful insult, it's all good.
As a wise man once said, anal stimulation makes fools of us all.
Right now both pee and poo are covered within the top eight posts.
Reddit has become complete.
Im s'orry I canno't afrade i understan'd in confilan wiurth you ?.; @ yes
You say that, but we all know you'll come crawling back.
Edit: GET IT???
IT WORKS ON SO MANY LEVELS PEOPLE!!!
gnetleman vegetables, poetic TL;DR, and a well put together delivery overall.
this is what i would term 'High-quality, Low-Brow Humor'.
that is the highest compliment i can give.
What do they expect you to do?
Live on the street?
You're 16.
Even if you got a job most apartment complexes wouldn't accept an application from someone who isn't at least 18.
Maybe they just plan on pawning you off to some human trafficking lord or something.
In that case, good luck!
I think I had a red-eared slider.
Maybe it's species specific?
I don't think it's that strange; animals know what season it is even indoors.
will hibernate indoors, too.
I'm not even kidding this literally just happened to me.
HOLD ON.
STOP!
WHY WOULD SHE NOT CONSIDER THIS AN ACCIDENT?
Did she think you planned on getting away with such a gross display?
If anything she insulted your intelligence.
People like that should lose their jobs when they cannot apply critical thinking.
Shhh
Ah, agnostic
For supporting someone for who they are?
your gentlemen vegetables.
I don't get it...
I'll try
thinking.
Like I said, my supervisor talked her down but I agree, she was riled up for too long.
Most people would have dropped it at "Sorry, I was throwing something away and you backed up" though.
fair, sorry!
new to this subreddit
The TL;DR popped into my head and I couldn't NOT add it, though.
I meant it was a classic because its an everyday kind of situation, (today) where OP (i) unintentionally went wrong whilst trying something cool (fucked up).
, as im sure is pointed out to you very often, joinedjusttosaythis, nice two year club badge.
Lastly I would like to remind you that overly complicated and seemingly rasist jokes are not funny, try to keep your japanese internment and go back to africa jokes to yourself.
Guys, guess what turtles do when they hibernate?
They...
dig a hole.
are, it was not hibernating and was just dead.
will, contrary to the top comment in this thread, often attempt to hibernate at normal household temperatures.
This is because even inside, days get shorter and native turtles are triggered by day length as well as temperature to begin hibernating.
( tortoises are not, hence becnewc's friend's tortoise.
that want to hibernate but are too warm are very unhappy turtles.
But, in the unlikely event that the turtle did manage to hibernate in indoor temperatures, the friggin' turtle has a shell for a reason.
There's a decent chance that if it was alive, it just dug its way out when it woke up.
I had two turtles for 10 years and they dug deep holes to hibernate every year.
I was about 7 when I was swinging, minding my own business, when I feel a stinging pain under my shirt.
I've been known to feel phantom pinches, so I ignored it.
Then it got much worse.
I killed the wasp with my hand (and caused more pain) and ran inside.
Wasps are assholes.
This has happened to me multiple times.
Haha, I'll guess that I'll be more careful and will turn off my phone/mute It too :D
Anyway, hope you get your phone back.
Don't use your phone in class, you twit.
You'll be okay, OP.
If you want me to delete it or anything like that feel free.
through it again, I think the worst part is probably that it basically wasn't funny at all, just bitter and caustic.
I usually don't reddit for extended periods like last night, and going through you can kind of see a steady decline of tact the later it got.
So sorry, I really hope that little rant didn't hit you too close to home.
, there's no reason that you should really care what one anonymous idiot on the internet is saying, but I know sometimes you can get caught off guard.
Once again let me know if you want me to delete my post or anything I'm deferring completely to you my friend.
I did the same in an urinal at a night club once, you are fine.
In his defense, have you seen dat ass?
Done this more than once, all while intoxicated.
Don't worry bout it buddy.
to sounding, e-stim seems pretty mild..
Chris all day...
I just did this!
But with a close friend's brother.
I feel absolutely shitty.
;( Worst part is I was too embarrassed and ashamed to say sorry.
Yeah but I left it there until the next morning and actually had to drain it with a plastic cup since the drain itself wouldn't budge.
Are you finished with your finals?
If you aren't, work your butt off.
You obviously feel regretful, turn that into action. Prove them wrong.
Your parents still love you.
i stuck my hand in it when i did that.
PU$$Y
To avoid this, I just assume everyone's parents are dead, unless I've met them or heard a lot about them.
I was reading this thread as TOMT (Tip Of My Tongue subreddit) and was pretty sure you pissed in your mouth.
I relieved to find otherwise.
This is why you use one hand to hold down the waistband and keep the other on top of your shaft.
I endorse this as the Fuck up of the Week!
I've had this happen twice in my career as a man.
Second?
Pissed in your mouth...
...relieved
I think there's a joke in here somewhere.
This is exactly what I was doing.
The force of the waistband returning to its natural position was sufficient to render the positioning of my other hand irrelevant.
It's possible that had I had my hand further down the shaft instead of at the base, the entire situation would never have happened.
Aerial saturation broke me.
That's awesome.
you were fapping in a public restroom?
Was it intentional?
I'm just not sure I can picture how that could all happen by mistake.
I've always wondered how people manage to pee all over bathroom stalls.
I now have an answer.
I'm sure alcohol is also a viable explanation.
There is no frowny face frowny enough to convey my feelings in a simple way.
But if you keep improving they'll have to come around eventually.
If you want praise, never give anyone the chance to say anything else.
Red eared slider owner here.
Mine sorta attempted to hibernate in the winter too, and I live in the area.
They got all lazy and didn't want to eat.
I thought they were dying but as soon as it heated up outside(March) they were back to normal being active and having an appetite.
I'm pretty sure they were pissed off at me because I kept messing with them to see if they were still alive.
Yeah it freaked me out the first year because he went like a month without eating anything.
Mine would only eat chicken, I guess they REALLY like it.
Now they're back to eating a variety of foods.
"It looked like a tune up and a lube job."
Nay, I just thought he was taking way to seriously haha
"This isn't German, "She" is a pronoun, not a proper noun."
Made me laugh so hard.
Male drivers ey.
typed in seal of irony found ( felt like it worked
but but...i thought the stereotype applied to women only o0
thats what happens when you give him road head.
He must've been an Asian.
is orry d iont sundersand
It's boring In class without my phone.
really, Ms Megan?
They drive as if there is no tomorrow.
what did he hit?
Naw lad, ye see, scots isnae quite like that ye ken?
Yeah that looks right.
I had a teacher that was , and he always read poems and short stories in Scots.
I'm telling you man, that shit is hard to understand.
But it does get easier the more you hear it.
It's actually a really cool variation on Celtic and .
More like so there won't be a tomorrow.
Well that is the consequence if it goes "well".
And then-!
That puts it in the meter of "We Didn't Start the Fire", and it would fit the song's existing lyrics perfectly, but surely there's a better way to do it.
I've never heard this...
I'd always heard it was grade school teachers who were naturally perverted, all the more so in negative correlation to the grade level they teach.
And also sex offenders, I'd heard the stereotype that they're naturally perverted.
I think that's about it.
You're an inspiration.
Now I want to become fuck up of the week, except I'm terrified of doing whatever it would take to achieve it.
He wants your dick.
except the interracial part.
Still, that was pretty good for quick thinking on your feet.
"Now understand, : you did not see that emoticon or hear it hit the hull, it was never sent, and I ...
was never here."
While every five in ten women drivers will have an accident, one in two men will.
Again, this has happened every time to me.
In fact after the second time and seeing a trend I purchased a mil-surp gas mask to have something to wear while cleaning to prevent gagging.
Oh that's such a dick move.
You gotta get that girl flowers, man.
And make sure not a single one is red.
Your gonna want to go with blues and purples for this one.
But I dont know how the hell a pad(which is sticky on one side) fell out of her under roos just by giving her a wedgie.
why cant the results of these two stories be swapped
idk what "not all that gay" means, but you may want to check this site out
this is why you must ALWAYS USE INCOGNITO MODE
I actually have cuts on my fingers from trying to make a tornado in the drain.
Lol I think i learned not to make that mistake again.
this deserves a medal
Cheer up man, you'll get it right one day.
Class isn't meant to be entertaining, it's meant to be educational.
How do you blind an asian?
Put a windshield in front of them.
Kudos for being strong through all this!!!
you didn't fuck up, you did exactly what you had to do.
you can't change your self because it doesn't go with other beliefs.
You had to come out one day or an other, be glad it is done now so going forward you don't have to hide from her.
(it will be a awesome feeling, trust me)
fetish : you sound like you know what you want, that's all i gotta say.
To everyone their interest.
(just think about all the weird porn.
is nothing in comparison.)
You will love happier now, things happen for a reason.
Wish you all the best :)
was it a bad performance?
or just completely not what they were looking for?
either way just keep at it.
i went to culinary school and i always believed the grading system was BS, i would think music school is similar.
there isn't really a right or wrong with music (or cooking), which makes giving a letter grade difficult..
it's completely under the discretion of whoever's giving the grade.
i remember we had a knife skills test, 10 minutes to cut some potatoes different ways..
chef went around to each person individually and gave out grades.
one guy didn't have enough time to dice the potato so he cheated and grabbed his buddies cup of diced that had already been graded..
chef didn't notice and scored him 10 points higher then the guy who actually cut them.
who knows maybe if somebody else played exactly as you did they would have gotten different remarks.
I did that - ((internet hugs))
They sound like douches.
, there's tons of people who can't even play a piano anyway.
Bigger girls are awesome at performing nasty, porn alike blowjobs!!!
Now, it depends how much self esteem you have...
we don't wanna lose too much of that.
At least he didn't kill a gypsy and get cursed.
This kills the Honda.
Eekk..
I have the self esteem.
It's just that I like to have only one slice of the cake, maybe even two slices.
But the whole cake packed into one serving is just not the dessert for me.
No harm, no foul.
just thought it warranted a reply.
, another kid had played before me.
He had to try 11 times before he did it but the judges gave him a B+, saying that he knew it but he was stressed.
I had a whole room behind me whispering at every mistake I made whilst they found that other kid cute.
#unfair
Well at least you get an excuse to miss school/work!
car.
What if I told you all he's white?
You did NOT just use a hash tag in Reddit.
why be sad about selfpost?
Its OC.
In 5 minutes: TIFU- Used a hashtag on Reddit.
top post in all time
But really, give op a break.
He had a crappy day.
That's such a simple solution.
Pop the card out before the cash.
I wish my bank wasn't so automated.
I don't think that suggestion would be heard if I made it.
#Sorry OP.
Well, I wouldn't go so far as to say I deserved it, but it was my mistake.
A mistake that I had never made before, and won't be making again in the future.
If I could identify the person the money belonged to, I wouldn't consider it free for the taking.
Are you talking Jurys?
Royal exam?
Oh, let me fix that for you...
Today you fucked up by letting your ex-boyfriend drive your car.
I just looked at my statement again (for the 20th time) and they did pull $300 out 3x...
so my limit must have been higher than $900???
I do remember the teller saying that I had a $900 limit so I don't fully understand it either...
I asked them to lower my limit, though.
Oddly, reddit finds using / as a hashtag more acceptable /punctuationtags.
I don't use twitter, but I get the point of hash tags.
I don't understand why people get so upset when they are used metaphorically.
In all fairness, The United States has terrible tort laws.
have sued and won cases where they injured themselves breaking into someones home.
So if you have a home intruder, it is almost better to kill them than scare them/wound them in that one specific regard.
That is in no way is a comment on the concept of taking a life, just on the stupidity of U.S.
legal system.
The car must have been calibrated for her.
It's hard to get focused to education when only a couple of days of school left :/
That is just incredibly stupid!
Now that's an awesome COO
Then reach up for a High five!
and this is exactly why I always double check every email I send at work.
If you're gonna fuck up, might as well go all in.
people over emails and thus leaving written evidence is a stupid idea on its own, as someone can find it.
But sending it to the people you mocked?
That takes a special effort.
I would love to see the exchange.
Yes, please.
daaammmnnn sonnn
im gonna have to blaze one in your honor later.
when i get home from my job of course.
Yeah link us to the thread.
Pop the card out before the cash
Not only that, but withdrawing cash ends the transaction.
It's like an "automated log-out" after you withdraw any cash (because after all, who withdraws some cash and then immediately withdraws some more?).
Glad you got your money back though.
Screen shot of thread or GTFO
ugh.
multiple.
it is an awful feeling.
anyone who wears contacts, imagine your contact somehow balling it self up and sticking to the inside of your eyelid, and the helpless feeling of not being able to get to it.
ive always been lucky enough for it to eventually come out on its own.
but this shit is NOT fun.
easily a fuck up of the week candidate
It must be because the car is so tainted from the woman driving it, it is now a bad car.
Smurf facial.
That sucks : ( you already know it was dumb so I'll just say I'm sorry for you bro.
Good luck from here
not sure if bad math or too dumb to get joke
I was hoping the investigation would be with police..
Shit brah.
you know, actual thread?
TIFU: Forgot to take pic for TIFU.
why would anyone complain, abuse, make fun of anything office related, in writing, is simply beyond me!
i too sit around and complain about my clients and sub-cons with my colleagues.
but we never ever exchange mails or even instant message over this because everyone knows that it's just foolish and dangerous!
we all simply let the steam out in the break room.
holy fucking shit man!!!
i m sorry, but i have no sympathy for your fuck up.
all the best for your future endeavors though.
Well, you are no Taco Bell manager.
Sht happens.
Just be happy it wasn't the pressurized erasable blue ones.
That shit ejects once the seal is broken and launches a paste that just does not come off shit even your mouth.
lol i was actually thinking of making a separate post for that :P
and you know from...
experience?
i noticed you didn't use the word "accidentally."
did you intentionally send the email?
I had one eject onto my hands.
My hands were blue for a week.
Its like oily non water soluble.
A girl in my class got it in her mouth in like 2nd or 3rd grade lets just say she was crying for a long time after she vomited.
It doesn't wash away.
Just imagine really really pasty oil water resistant super glue stuff.
ew that sounds awful
wow you're a fucking moron aren't you?!
Looks like it also turned part of your teeth metal.
Why would someone intentionally email a client when talking shit about him?
Unless, of course, if OP wanted to get fired.
And for that, there is a lot of other ways.
ways.
Just delete your facebook account.
If they say anything about it tell them some douches were trying to invade your privacy and harass your friends.
That might not go down too well, but sometimes tools like them need a good fight to give respect to others.
Who are you calling metal mouth?!
Good luck to you sir.
i wouldnt call you terrible you just had a momentary lapse of judgement.
if this kind of stuff happened frequently you would be terrible
Well, I suppose you?
But in this particular instance, your question brought ( to mind as well.
that little voice in your head, you should just ignore it until you are 30.
I'm in college and just failed my first class ever and I blame it on a terrible event that happened early in the semester.
My GPA also went down to almost the minimum requirement to keep my scholarships.
I'm ahead by a year and now I have to take extra classes just to make up those grades and that F I got.
My parents are not very happy with it because I moved out of their home to go to school and not fuck up like I did this semester.
It'll be ok though!
We just have to work a bit harder and not let anything distract us or stop us from being successful!
That's a Fuck Up for sure.
Buy her some flowers and a Movie she would like, back away slowly and do your best submissive scolded puppy routine.
for no "TIFU" in title.
Dude it is rule 1 of 2 for this sub.
Don't worry, it happened to me with a gold gel pen in primary school.
At least your drool doesn't glitter.
was it vector marketing...?
sounds similar to their interview process
the customer, to the customer?
You do realize then that at this point you're not really Drive Up window , but the kitchen is still an option.
Got my upvote, took a little debating.
I found my mother after she had committed suicide when I was 12.
The "your mamma" jokes are something he will have to get use to hearing because of their ubiquitous presence and his mom isn't coming back.
Do try to keep the latter in mind.
You are a good friend for regretting your faux pas.
Hey - this happens all the time.
OP will provide proof.
I just know it!
But...but...the karma...
nooo...
did you try using the eraser end?
lol yes.
I was trying to be subtle-ish?
didn't work at all did it?
I never even bitch in the same room as the conference line.
Sure we all bitch and crap on the others but to write it down is crazy...
to send that written message is beyond insane.
grow a pair, if she is cool she will understand.
Yeah, you definitely had that one coming.
people you work with over email?
C'mon dude, rude and stupid.
You don't want that job.
If it's the same Vector that I worked at, then you should probably be fine.
They don't really have a limit on how many people they hire, so as long as you seem like you'd be a decent salesman, they'll hire you.
When I was in highschool, I used to do this once a week.
A few times at first it was accidental, I liked chewing pens, but I noticed that I could just ran out of class with a blue mouth and the teachers didn't give a shit.
To be honest I didn't mind the taste so much.
Ever watch "Scent of a Woman"...
High?
you really didn't want that job.
Vector is terrible.
Didn't the teachers notice that this happened way too often?
And also, I'm so glad this didn't happen during school.
I might have died.
if there is one way to go out its in a blaze of glory.
That's what tifu's all about.
Those special moments when we amaze even ourselves with our sheer stupidity.
But yes, that's the point.
It shouldn't be here otherwise.
Always wait till after marriage to make that slip, then they are legally obligated to try to work it out...
seriously..
if she's the one she'll understand you lost your cool and fucked up.
Just don't make it a habit, unless you plan on sleeping with one eye open all the time.
I went to a public school in a bad part of my city, so they weren't the best teachers to begin with, and so long as you had a decent excuse they didn't really care too much.
Don't worry about the colour too much, it'll start to fade pretty quick after a few good brushes.
That's what I was thinking but I still went to the interview.
What's it like?
It's that lax?
I hope you only showed her the intelligent comments.
Upvote for junk whipped.
yeah it's mostly gone now, but thanks :).
BTW, I'm surprised you didn't get ink poisoning or something :P
Way to comfort a guy :(
Dear ex-employer.
Could I please have access to my old work terminal for karma?
If we're talking about the same Vector, yes.
Since they only pay you by commission, you don't really cost them anything.
And since you bring in all of the business yourself, they want to hire as many reps as possible.
You didn't really fuck up.
This is just an example of a dumbass girl doing something stupid.
Stupid women are going to do stupid things.
There's nothing we can do about it, really.
profusely.
Tell her you'd like her help to iron out any other sexist behaviors you show to her on occasion.
Admit you're flawed.
lol nope.jpg not doing this one.
There is so much horrifying shit on this thread.
This is fucking up?
a chance to get laid is a big deal since when?
And why the fuck do you think "what're you doing" means "I want sex."
Today you fucked up by posting this and having all of the thoughts that brought you to it.
This is such a bad thread.
Fail OP.
And he seems to have a shitty attitude.
Stop trying to pick up women on the job.
That's creepy.
It can be a bit awkward at first, but it pays well (REALLY well, if you're good at it), and it's great job experience (looks sexy on your resume).
Really, Sales experience is some of the best job experience you can get.
That is hysterical.
We want more details.
What happened next?
When you have as many pens exploding in your mouth as I did, you learn not to swallow.
...I didn't mean that to sound so gay.
yah but this is a fuck up and a half I mean wow the (even more than usual) stupidity!
You seem to be that kind of guy.
PROFESSIONALISM
...Did you study?
And if she doesn't understand, then you're right anyway.
That stupid phrase needs to die a horrible death.
It's so offensive.
No, thought it was going to be on the 21st, (Monday) but it was on the 14th which is also a monday.
Well there's your problem.
As long as you learn from your mistakes.
I would settle for the gist of it.
It takes 2 weeks to delete it.
I recently deleted mine and it stays "deactivated" for 2 weeks before its permanently gone.
to backup your data.
To OP, Why not just tell them its been a year?
I know its kind of shameful but we all have our dry spells.
If anything the next time you went out with those people they would try to get you laid instead of possibly cockblocking you.
I once just about sent a text to my mom around the second time I smoked marijuana saying, "dude im so fucking high right now"
We all fuck up, sometimes very badly.
We need an answer to this...
How well did you do?
I've suffered the same fate, shitty break, drink coke it burns the taste away.
I was pretty mediocre.
I sold almost exactly $10,000 over the summer that I worked for them.
At my office, that wasn't a whole lot.
, I worked at the best office in the country, so I had a lot of competition.
how much did you keep?
its a good thing you were 15 minutes late to a vector marketing interview and not an actual interview.
hopefully this was a wake up call though..
If you sell 10k, I believe you make $2,000.
That's about what I would expect to make from a part time job that I worked over the summer.
Seeing as I had just graduated high school, it was probably the best job I could have hoped for.
I severely underestimated how long it would take to get there.
It was a mistake I'll never make again.
i see.
thanks for your comments man.
I appreciate your help.
I hope you get the job!
So uh..
why did you do it?
Was it an accident or did you deliberatly send it to them for some reason?
The internet demands more explanations!
Per his username, he would be lucky if he ended up managing a taco bell.
That is certainly a bummer.
Maybe she shouldn't keep rocks in her yard.
What did you play?
Yeah, you fucked up royal.
Text her back, apologize, be sincere.
it exactly as you did to Reddit.
It's not a real job.
It's a two week stint to sell a bunch of knives to your relatives and friends.
All Vector does is rush a part of the country for about two months and then they move on.
Source: they swarmed my town for a bit and died quickly.
That said, Cutco knives are pretty nice.
YSK you can configure outlook with a send-delay to save your ass in this kind of situation.
Not your best work, sir
Bread sauce??
my ignorance, but wtf is bread sauce?
Is this the same dude who left one chick at an apartment that was super gross and wound up going home with two chicks?
Most companies rarely more that quick on email access after terminations actually.
If you want comforting, then posting on TIFU is in itself a fuck up.
[Only the greatest thing to have with chicken in the known universe](
You manage a taco bell.
How important could one client be?
Sounds to me like you're the turd.
#youmeanlikethis
#ididntintendtopostthis
Hmmm, looks odd.
Sounds interesting, thank you
[ thought of this scene from Ernest Goes to Prison.](
Good call.
He did it subconsciously.
Throw that shit away dude c'mon
and how are you in bed, according to these rumours?
So what you're say is, you blue yourself?
Sorry, I had to.
GO TO CLASS TOMORROW.
Be straight up, apologize, but be a "man" about it, you didn't have bad intentions and you didn't truly hurt anyone.
If you she'll notice you not showing up and assume you're avoiding her which will put an even further imbalance on your friendship.
Vector is a joke.
This is a blessing in disguise
Hello you.
On the right side it says:
Today I Fucked Up, a community for the dumbass in all of us.
We all have those moments where we do something ridiculously stupid.
Let us make each other feel better about ourselves.
Could be just me, but that implies that we make each other feel better about it / us.
he is 12-14 years old
"Salad"
think about it bro...he knew what it was...
This happened to me in 5th grade.
So glad every classroom had a water fountain.
For some reason my mouth felt like it was on fire.
I think this TIFU is missing the part where OP explains what on Earth possessed him to do this.
As others said, there seems to be a notable absence of the word "accidentally."
At least you got some Karma out of it.
Figure of speech bro
I vote this Fuck Up of The Week
+1 for "fuckity".
Hope your eye feels better.
Easy solution, Take it to the CC and report it as Sexual
: You should have claimed you banged some chick you meet at a bar.
thanks man, I rinsed the hell out of it and now my eyeball is less yellow and swollen and more pink, so I reckon that's good enough
Need to face the music.
Tell her the truth, you are a stupid male and didn't know any better.
You weren't trying to be mean.
Most guys do stupid shit.
Most girls know this.
her will only piss her off more.
I get bleach in my eye about 3 times a week, not dead yet.
I tried an auger and after awhile was done with it.
Went with a manual post hole digger instead 0 problems.
Stupid is as stupid does.
I'd suggest you go to a doctor, but the thought has probably already crossed your mind.
Thanks though :)
In all fairness I deserve much harsher punishment.
I don't remember typing it though, so drunk redditing apparently does have disadvantages.
yeah, but your vision is shit.
hey my only post to get that kind of attention was on the worst day of my life
I feel better now because your interpretation is wrong.
I'd still get a pro (who is through with studies) check it out.
If rinse is all you did, you might have some bleach and shit in it.
go see a doctor!
less yellow and swollen and more pink
Ah, now I am relieved.
Who said that?!?
My new favorite subreddit.
Glad someone else knows man, the discomfort is so awful.
awuh i appreciate the time you took to let me know.
The bad attitude is result of being good looking.
Sorry I have standards.
Ha, you ever worked for a country club?
's hot.
The chick wasn't super gross, but she wouldn't bail on her gross friend.
So yeah i ended up having a couple other girls over.
Girls Ive been with before though.
Bahaha, thats what i thought at first too!
I got a better one.
I was chopping some ( and without washing my hands went to take a pee.
After trying to wash it with literally everything i had int bathroom, i decided to just lay in the floor in fetal position for around 15 minutes
Was it a very difficult piece to perform or were nerves and pressure just getting to you??
It was more the stress.
And the judges said it was that I didn't know my piano.
Also, for the others, no it wasn't royal something (I live in france).
She apparently got shit tanked and drove onto the golf course and got stuck in the sand.
preceeded by
she was way outa my league.
she sounds like a real winner.
What causes you to get bleach in your eye even ONCE a week?
You're doing something wrong.
It might be time to re-evaluate your life, bra.
OP will deliver
My friend, I feel your pain.
I completed the challenge in Oxford, which is ( motherfucker smothered in ( sauce, the fifth hottest chili in the world.
I vomited fiery hell three times during this challenge, and suffered equally awfully in other...
orifices...
never again.
isn't the best time to fuck up when you're an intern?
You're learning
Dude WTF...
I did it by mistake, why would anyone put himself and his anus through such a pain...
I really hope there are boobies involved, because there's no other excuse
I was cutting a jalapeno pepper once and stuck my finger in my eye.
I'm a girl :P
jalapeno?
that's nothing compared to the pain from serranos, which in turn mean nothing compared to habaneros.
Haha yeah I remember.
Nice double top post in tifu
upvote for you sir :D
Well, good for you, there where boobies involved...
Now, why the fuck would you eat that?
touche, but it still really fucking burnt.
fair.
You get used to it after awhile.
once you move to hotter chiles, the cycle starts all over again.
gg
fuck knows, worst idea of my life.
but you get a winners t-shirt if you can finish it in an hour.
that's probably why
Do this all the time..
I am a Scot, and can say with most pleasure and authentisity at heart, go fuck yourself
Where I live there is ona called "putamadre" that can be translated like ""
Be a good way to get a lot of cellphones..
Just take them from people's hands LOL
Well looks that you just don't care that much about your sensitive parts
Well, at least you got a t-shirt out of it.
If you didn't already know, cold milk will mostly get rid of the burning.
As someone in the military, I can confirm this.
SAME ahaha
.jpg
(/twirage "I WILL EAT ALL THE CHILES!")
A bb pistol is no weapon to go rabbit hunting with, those plastic 'bullets' just make the rabbit feel pain before it dies, try hand grenades, they cook the rabbit for ya as well
It was you?!
Hey, I got a simple solution.
We need a lady to claim she rode him hard.
I feel ya bro, same exact thug happened to me.
At first, I was like, "THAT DID NOT JUST HAPPEN.
Update: Wow, didn't expect such a surfeit of responses, although this is an example of a critically massive fuck-up.
I believe that all criticisms leveled at me are valid- after all I think I obviously should know better.
Thanks for the sympathy though too, although this was a situation entirely of my own idiotic doing.
A few things to clarify:
I did not make this up- and I understand the desire for more physical proof.
, I've already made idiotic mistakes via computer in the past week and do not want to link the thread back to me in any way.
I omitted the expression "accidentally", which I should have added in the original post.
Yeah, pretty much got cut off from my email as soon as I walked into the room with HR.
I just wish I had brought a printed resignation letter.
yes, this is a lesson I've only had to learn once.
although should be smart enough not to do it in the first place
I think equal measures of "You moron, how did you epically doom yourself!" and "Sorry man" are appropriate in this regard.
Thanks buddy, I appreciate it.
It was an accident, did not do this on purpose
Thanks for your well wishes
I think worse than actually sending something like that along is actually being mean-spirited enough to say such negative things about another person.
I'm definitely going to do some soul-searching on this, because at the end of the day, I don't think of myself as a bad person.
I cannot disagree.
Also I should clarify I have nothing to do with Taco Bell.
As I'm trying to rationalize what happened, this is something I've returned to.
About a week ago I had decided that the company was not really moving in the right trajectory...and that my prospects for growth were capped.
I have never committed an error like this before, and I think this was a form of self-sabotage.
A normal person would recognize that it was time to move on, and start exploring other opportunities.
I guess I need to do some digging about why I can't be more honest with myself.
I have the "undo-send" option enabled in google mail.
Since it was bured in the middle of a conversation, I didn't notice it.
yeah i think i'd trade the karma for my job back
yeah that is actually pretty accurate
exactly my reaction, and then i sprinted to the bathroom and started spitting my guts into the sink :P
The same as that of a Toyota Hilux
How about don't fucking cheat?
this isnt bad.
in fact, take the oppurtunity to stare.
Alas, I was too busy trying to clean it up before my coworkers noticed to think of taking a picture.
My favorite one, and probably the one I'll do if ever come to this is: Go talk with your boss, no ceremonies, just walk in, look straight into his eyes and say something like this:
"Look, I'm fucking bored, so I want to do a quick discussion about my next salary.
I want it split, 15% on quality cigars, 30% on whiskey, and the rest of it in credit to [insert famous brothel of your region].
Also, I might end up sick this weekend , and probably won't even show up next week...
or month."
If you're not fired after this, please let me know.
MAIN LEVEL STREAM MARKETING OH GOD RUN NOPE.JPG
It was a joke
Hers is probably wrong too lol
I saw this happen to a guy but it was with a red pen, in grade school.
They made him go to the hospital to ensure he wasn't poisoned.
everyone laughed when he was grimacing over the taste and his teeth were all red.
once I showed up an hour late to an interview because I honestly got lost.
They still ended up hiring me but I have no idea why, I probably wouldn't have hired me.
with a white out pen.
Is your eyes all WHITE?!
i put serranos in my guacamole...i washed my hands a dozen times.
2 hours later i decide to put in my contacts.
FAIL.
i now wear rubber gloves when i cook with hot peppers.
my bank makes me put the pin in for each transaction.
I do better than her in the class which is the bad part
My teacher is hot
if you had a 900$ limit and he took 900, and you took 300, thats 1200, in your "12" hour period.
This story sounds fishy.
I rarely cheat
you prob would have been better off with a guess then my friend :) Ah well..
Don't feel too bad.
I found out near graduating high school that this group of 'smart kids' that were all teacher's kids were all cheating on every exam they ever took in high school.
That's pretty low.
to that, I wouldn't worry about it.
How about don't fucking cheat?
I ended it up guessing and getting it wrong -- but i still have a 94 average so I'll be fine
You've never cheated before?
No, because I actually pay attention during class.
You can do both
all to the good.
stare at her too.
stare at EVERYONE.
Lol a few inappropriate stares and i can cheat off anyone without ever getting in trouble (minus for sexual harassment)
If you pay attention, take notes, and study, then cheating isn't necessary.
, it's called cheating for a reason.
The worst is when you unzip and pull down your briefs since there is no slot in the front (or it's not as easy).
The rubber band part holds a bit of tension underneath your balls.
You finish peeing, shake it off, and put it away.
, since there was slight tension on the package while you were peeing, once you pull the underwear back up it releases the small amount of pee that was held up by the waistband.
Woops, now you have to walk back into the office, strategically positioning yourself to hide that small wet spot that looks like you peed yourself.
you are wearing a sweater or sweatshirt so you can use it to cover your pants, just like you did back in preschool and early elementary.
exactly.
plus isnt it nice to look at nice things?
My dad always said "No matter how much you shake, no matter how much you dance, those last few drops always end up in your pants." Truer words have never been spoken.
Doesn't look like is your strong suit either.
Fail with pride, do better next time.
Don't ever cheat.
How about you learn the material, and take the test on your own merit.
That way you can TEST what you know.
This is the problem with today, memorize and regurgitate.
Even college is this way, and you don't learn anything anymore.
it'll be a funny story someday.
That's what I do.
Now that I'm in college I don't even study anymore.
I had a 50 question final the other day that took me 12 minutes and I got 46 right.
I was just suggesting that the OP try taking notes and studying more because he's obviously not learning.
in the eye sucks, but doesn't last too long.
If you ever get into that situation again, you can get through it by keeping your eye shut TIGHT for maybe 20 seconds of intense pain.
By then your eye (or at least mine) will have cleared it out nicely.
I got habanero sauce in my eye the same way, and I had to sit through a 25 minute lecture like that.
completely true.
My wife was horribly in need of a job awhile back ago and almost got a job with them.
once she told me about the process, we were all like "oh hell naw".
if you get the gig, i would keep looking for something better while working vector.
Good luck in the job searches n stuff.
Oh you silly
[All I could think of while reading this.](
I withdrew $40.
It tasted like gooey blood that was blue
holy shit I'm not raping babies I fucking looked at an answer on a quiz to compare it with mine.
I'm sorry you moral police are freaking out
Puked on my mom lol
You're a bad son
Now you know not to make mean jokes!
Ohhh Vector...
man, you dodged a bullet!
What causes you to get bleach in your eye more than one time?
I would recommend some goggles, or a different approach to what ever you're doing.
The famous one, that I know of is,
I'd suggest you post another thread in I am sure lots of suggestions would come pouring in.
All the best.
I hope you never do.
The worst part was, as I was cleaning up my nose, I thought to myself "that would have made a funny .gif".
YOU HAD ONE JOB!!!
There are a lot of reason why this is completely your fault.
Could you re-act it out again?
Once my nose piercing is fully recovered, I'll try.
I may not be able to master the look of sheer terror, though.
That's reserved for actual bees.
Yeah, she died and came back to post this.
Ahaha.
I just got back from a trip so it's my first time sleeping in my own bed for a few days.
Today I woke up to the sound of my cell phone.
and still with my eyes closed, I swing out of bed directly in the opposite direction I'm supposed to.
Face - Wall - Laugh too hard and miss call - Go back to bed
I've done this too!
Except my arm was slapping the wall, and for some reason (I guess since I was horizontal), my brain just wouldn't accept the fact that there was no space next to me.
Waking up disoriented so rattling...
a guy that I had been O.C.ed and didn't take my glove off to rub my eye.
rookie that I was.
colleagues
In my office, some guy had ordered a bottle of that sauce, and kept in the fridge.
The kid never seemed to learn, and he would literally eat it all anyways, whilst crying from the heat.
Sorry, I'm having a bit of trouble reading your comment, my vision isn't the best.
I would love to re-evaluate many things but sadly that is easier said than done.
Vector is extremely high pressure sales.
The type of salesmanship that gives the profession such a terrible reputation.
You can only really make money from it if you are extremely extroverted and have no soul.
You should weigh yourself when you're done.
I so feel for you buddy, but you gotta scream NO cuz they don't know the pain like you do
Shit in it
less yellow and swollen and more pink
from (
You will shit liquid fire for a week.
Just say "Okay, guys.
I lied.
I fucked a random hot chick at a bar.
I didn't get to know her.
woken up this morning completely better, and no pics of me, sorry, but it looked like (
...and then the teacher goes down on you to 'teach' you a lesson.
It comes out white?
Well your friends are a bunch of butt heads.
Yea that's weird.
How do you advance from Chief ...
of optimism?
It was my second to last day...I think I went over the top and have to be there in 6hrs
did this to me not long after my mum had passed away.
I was 21 at the time.
He walked away because he didn't know what to say once he had realized his mistake.
I approached him later and we discussed it, he apologized profusely.
He genuinely didn't mean it, i remember this moment when people say dumb things in life that insult others.
people fuck up, we all do.
i can answer that
Heh, one of my friends is lactose intolerant, and we were playing this drinking game called Four Kings one night (King's cup/Kings etc).
, the cards are shuffled on the table, all of them have rules attached to them, and each time someone gets a king, they pour some of their drink into the centre cup.
gets the fourth king has to drink the concoction in the middle.
So, by the third king there was like half a cup of ( and then some scotch and vodka to fill it up, and what d'ya know, my lactose intolerant friend gets the fourth king.
Now, by this time the baileys had curdled and there was froth for the top quarter of the glass so he had to eat that with a teaspoon first, and then down the rest.
By the time he had finished he was visibly green, and barely managed to get to the edge of my deck when he started vomiting it all back up and clutching his stomach in pain.
But it was.
Oh god it was.
So you insult them even though you've met them?
I find it weird to make yo mama jokes when I have met them.
If they are nice, I feel bad.
If they mean, I feel bad.
Punch your co-workers in their cunts/dicks.
i don't care if you meant the fruit; i keep thinking of someone throwing a kiwi bird on the ground.
do you have an ex?
do you know how scary some exes can be?
You're a moron.
That's just about as stupid as letting them convince you to jump off a cliff.
How do they even do that?
If you're havin' milk problems, I feel bad for you, son.
I got 99 problems, but yogurt ain't one.
...No, but seriously.
I grew out of my lactose intolerance and I am so happy.
I feel genuinely sad that you can never enjoy a cheesecake.
Better that she find out now.
Well done for having the maturity to talk (and cry) about it with your mum.
Thanks for the link.
That was a hot as vid...
My roommate from college did this shit on the regular when he got wasted.
I must not take yo mama jokes as seriously as you do.
Most of the time, my friends and I talk about sleeping with each other's moms, so its kind of a compliment.
I'm also into bondage, and I say fuck it, if she got freaked out because of a bit of rope then she was obviously too mentally immature to handle such a fetish.
It's not your fault, your neighbour was wrong to judge you for your own preference, and remember, you are you, the only person who can make you feel bad is you.
I feel your lactose intolerant pain
it's really smooth and I feel like a soft-serve machine.
It's getting better though, my stool is less soft-serve soft and more ice-cream hard.
Still white though
thats a classic fuckup friend hope it was near the end of the stream and the cleanup was easy
And from there to the great ' ' of course!
there is always room for advancement!
there is always a raise in pay and a better station to look forward to right?
By any chance, did you have this expression the whole pooping time --- () ?
It'd be the third time I saw someone's shit on here this week, there's no going back now.
pics of snow white shit
May be to late by now, but DIGESTIVE ENZYMES are your friend!
Same issue here, found enzymes that work for me, no problem with lactose now as long as I take enough.
Good luck, and I'm sorry my friend
Dude, how much did you drink?
white poop is not normal and can indicate a serious liver problem.
If the abdominal pain continues, get thee to the doctor.
I'm weirdly disappointed there were no pictures.
I was grinding up jalepenos in a food processor and used platic wrap to keep the fine dust from stayin in the air.
which didnt exactly work anyways.
so after that I touched my eye with all these fine particles..
I took an hour shower washing my eye out then couldnt open it for a few hours.
Emense pain.
I live like 10 minuetes away from there, no lie.
Didn't excrete as much liquid as I'd thought I would ...
but because I haven't been able to eat for about a day, lost about 4.5lbs.
FYI: I have a very high metabolism, which sort of fucks me over with lactose intolerance because it hits me fast; but this also means my weight OFTEN fluctuates
That's still impressive.
Thanks for coming through.
They're cunts as well.
taking my eyes off the page I tore it in half and shoved it in my pocket.
But seriously, anything advertised as "15 dollars/hr base pay no experience required!" is probably a scam.
You are super lucky.
The windshield smashing happened to a friend of mine.
, no pics.
hoodsie cups?
It was an off-white (not as pure) about 5 hours in.
, imagine combining the vanilla-chocolate hoodsies into a light coffee-cream swirl.
That is my current stool
Dick friends vs.
Dick colleagues ...
let the battle unfold
I was pretty hammed - the abdominal pain lasted a stupefying 4+ hours but I was too drunk to really feel it.
It was as if I had to take a giant shit through one of those coffee-stirring straws.
It was a battle but the white shit that ended up coming out was (from what I presumed) a mix of artificial coloring and yogurt as I had barely eaten the morning of.
So beer and yogurt were the only things in my system
Yeah she does.
As a fellow longboarder, this is totally your fault.
There needs to be a or something.
Is your mom black?
Mom is white.
Family is white.
Lots of close black family friends.
Why the hell would you call her that?
I don't even...
why did you think your hand was a bee...?
why never allowed to compete?
This is why I don't talk shit in emails.
FUOTW material.
Does the word really hold that much meaning?
It seems like it is only powerful because white people are paranoid.
I say get over it.
This is in addition to the other thing you posted about being lactose intolerant and letting your coworkers coax you into drinking a painful amount of dairy products?
You need to work on those decision-making skills, man.
Or allow for more time between fake posts.
Also your heart and soul are crushed, but not so crushed that you're no longer wondering whether dogs have fetishes.
And you're asking Reddit about it.
This is a strange place
edit: spelling
's been on 4chan a little too much.
I just like to go about detailing the intricacies of my life.
And yes, I'm still shitting coffee-colored poop and my heart does feel a bit crushed because I've had two really bad days.
agree.
What kind of work party do you go to?
I also made this mistake htpasswd, I was pretty excited until the TL;DR
A good way of telling if they're dead or not is to tilt them head-down and rock their shell back and forth.
If their head and neck roll around loosely, they're probably gone; at least that's what my box tortoise did when he died.
Me and my sister call each other niggers all the time.
We are both white, as is my whole family and we both have many friends of many different races and cultures.
We just say it because it's just a word, it's funny and it really, really pisses our mother off.
Edit: Just to clarify, we mean it as a joke.
called her a cracker.
We do ourselves a favor when we remove the power from hurtful sentiments and bigotry.
Maybe you should quit browsing /b/ OP, and you won't have freudian slips anymore.
is, he needs to quit browsing /b/
or stop playing XBOX
What bothers me most is that I'd subscribe even though every part of me would disagree with such a decision.
I'm gonna have to go ahead and agree with your mom on this one.
your friend 'nigga' as an ironic joke?
, but relatively harmless.
Flying into a rage and screaming a disgusting, offensive and completely inappropriate racial slur at your own mother?
Um, yeah.
Go buy her some flowers or something, you utter twit.
Your colleagues suck :(
's welcome in !
(full disclosure, I moderate that shit)
I called my brother a nigger infront of my mom, turns out her new boyfriend is infact, black.
i had no idea.
i'm still honey badgering this shit.
Did he also park it like a douche-bag?
Yeah, you fucked up.
I woulda had to kick you out the house for a couple days man.
You should know that shit don't fly.
with a black woman.
Ummm...
Did you ever consider that its power comes not from paranoid white people but from black people with a (very) long history of discrimination?
No, you're right, it's definitely because of the white people.
That is incomprehensibly stupid.
people put different meaning behind it.
Just because it has no meaning to you, doesn't mean it has no meaning to anyone.
For some people it's extremely hurtful.
Just give them one of these.
Always works for me.
the same thing happened to me.
I was in the 2nd lane, doing 70, and BAM!
Hood flies up due to some previous damage (I was driving it back after just buying the car).
I had to convince myself not to panic, but it was crazy because I was surrounded by other cars all around.
IO was able to pull off the freeway, and toss the hood and drive home (we had some tools).
Yep, you're racist
I just watched a guy chopping his shit up.
WTF.
Do you know what a freudian slip is?
His mom is white.
Plus Blacks were also hunted for sport 60 years ago.
So did you like find an article on eHow.com or something on how to do that?
I've been looking and have never figured out how to do that.
Edit: I found it here
reminds me of high school
concerning the poop, pics or it didnt happen
Wow the internet has clearly ruined me.
I have no idea what the word 'nigger' even means any more.
I wish I could remove it entirely from my knowledge so that something like this never happens...
Yes, I do.
If you'd like to know, you can either use your local library nearest you or use Google to find out the meaning of this term.
he got sent to the corner for time out.
I remember that.
Even I thought the guy was lying and he did prove something - that I can be an asshole sometimes and jump to conclusions.
Nigger-Noun:
offensive.
A contemptuous term for a black or dark-skinned person.
slip-Noun:
An unintentional error regarded as revealing subconscious feelings.
His mom is white.
So he was revealing his subconscious feelings about her by calling his white mother an offensive term for a black person.
Makes sense.
It does.
It would be hilarious as fuck if your professor read this post, and new who you were because of the link
Least it's sterilized now.
I feel for you.
Hint: Carry quick release lactose pills with you in your car, at your desk, whatever.
That way if you feel the rumbling early, you can at least mitigate the damage.
Course it works better you realize you fucked up and dose ASAP before the evil even begins.
Just admit yfu.
My heart and soul is (are) crushed
Now imagine how all the people that have ever been called that felt.
You got what you deserved.
These stories make me glad my family is racially insensitive.
Yep time to kill yourself.
Only way out.
obviously.
luckily i haven't run into her since but...it's a small world...(town)...
it's a small world...(town)
Well that sure doesn't make it better.
you know what i call everyone nigger.
I will not let you get a neg on this comment.
All the better reason to post it!
I always wear it now!
Fuck Up of the week, right here.
a necklace with dead moms ashes, not creepy at all.
Well, nevermind then?
Just wanna let you know that I'm black and I call everyone nigga and I let people call me nigga or nigger as well.
As long as they aren't doing it out of hatred, i dun give a fuck.
Before going to that post, I google'd "cumbox".
I saw that image but didnt really connect the pieces.
Later, when seeing the zoomed image - massive amounts of "ew".
Unless he was going by the true definition, she's an ignorant person...
I've heard it a lot on ps3 lately too.
Late one night I woke up with a splitting headache.
I was still groggy when I realized I was holding something...which happened to be my remote control.
Still have no idea what kind of dream possessed me to hit myself.
#3232;#3232; The fuck is she wearing her mom's ashes for?
If she knew you had it, and were playing with it, then you can't really be blamed.
Sounds like she's an idiot not to say "oh hey, don't fuck around with that, some of my dead mum is in there".
It's not your fault, because you couldn't have possibly known.
Were you able to clean them up and put them back?
I mean, it's not like you mixed them into chocolate milk or something.
Air.
Living things need air.
OP
TL;DR but still cringed
Jesus was Black.
Also, where I'm from, it is common among friends to have nicknames that could be literally translated to "Big Nigga".
, he'd be Middle .
I don't see anywhere on there that the GT 520 is listed.
The GT Series is listed
This one woman I know had her dog put down.
It was very sick and already dying.
She decided to keep a vial containing it's blood, bone and ashes to carry around her neck.
The stupidity of this post is giving me a headache.
like consumer goods to make up for a lack of political correctness!
Also, don't forget to vote!
Hey man, that's where you fucked up.
your mom thinks it is funny on some level but is so embarrassed that you called her a nigger that she is going to need to fake being angry for a long time.
It is fake white outrage at racism against blacks.
If you went to her and told her "Mom, 300 people burned to death today in Sudan." She's say "Oh what?
Sorry, wasn't listening."
But you say nigger once, and suddenly every white person within 50 miles perks up like a racism hating prairie dog.
You tripped the white guilt trap.
In order to undo it, I'm afraid you have to tell her you're gay.
It's the only way.
Then she'll feel guilty that you're a victim, and she'll forget that you marginalized black people with your dirty nigger saying mouth.
God speed OP.
Also if she doesn't believe you, you might have to suck a black dick.
Just prepare yourself for that.
It's def-con 5, but if you suck a black dick this will all blow over.
Not necessarily.
He just said nigger.
That doesn't make him racist you jump to conclusion mat.
Then I must be missing it, and if the GT series was listed a majority of people would be screwed i have a GT 560TI.
I think you need to reread the list, the only Nvidia card that has GT in it is the 7300.
I also don't see the GT Series or 520 listed, ( thread from the beta lists the GT 520 as compatible on low.
I have played with no problems on my GT 220 and the 520 is a bit faster...
ahhhaa shut up!
Jesus Christ there are so many whiny guilt tripping niggers in here.
WELP, tifu: and misread something then posted in on reddit just to get saved.
Thank you blackice, i really appreciate it.
How the hell did you come across that to call your mother when everyone else would have just screamed out 'BITCH' or 'CUNT' by default?
this will all blow over.
Go to your first sergeant.
She should have had the locket sealed, at the very least with crazy glue.
"ashes"
"bone"
huh...okay
"blood"
fucking WHAT?
"I thought there might be a cute picture of her and her boyfriend in it or something," anyone?
Better than having her in a giant jar with formalin, though.
It's true.
I didn't know what to say when she told me that.
I read this at a and I'm tripping balls over the comments.
Its what her mother would of wanted
Wow dude, you fucked up.
You're lucky that's all that happened.
Always wear your helmet man.
dafuq?
You didn't even try before giving up?
What do you expect?
what your mother is.
So, basically, you're a pushover that let's people walk all over you...
Why don't you say something like: "fuck off"?
I have one worse.
My son puked into the bathroom sink, knocking over a glass at the time and the end result was a sink and drain pipe filled with puke and broken glass.
if your parents don't love you because you got crappy grades then it's time to find new parents.
seriously though as a parent i can't even imagine treating my child like that.
It's en route and wont be here til .
I'm also young and naive which leads to me jumping to conclusions.
did they actually have a handicapped sign in their car or are you just assuming they would have parked there due to their age?
submitted 8 hours ago by m0lly
I think you accidentally a word.
m0lly
Good god man you're a terrible person
Fuck Up of the century
Damn it.
I'll see you in hell.
my ex did that to me
Do you really think so?
It's carbon, man.
I would go back to her and apologize 50 more times.
She keeps your blood, bone and ashes in a vial around her neck?
I keep the ashes of a girl around my neck.
She'd told me her name was Jenny.
I dunno, I intend to turn my Mother and husband into diamond jewellery..
Mummy can be earrings, hubby can be a necklace.
I told a girl to kill herself once, and she did.
Be careful what you say to people.
sorry i might get down voted but "Fvck you !" , Don't say that to your mom !
, she carried you for like 9 months and you call her nigger ?
you'd be nothing without her !
but you know , mothers are always kind and forgiving , go to her , kiss the back of her hand and her front and apologize formally.
also if you can, get her some flowers.
White people against racism is all just a cover story for guilt.
Thanks for spreading the truth against the white folk.
da fuq i just read !
it has been foretold:
I also have one that's pretty bad.
I was once at a party before a dance or some shit for high school, we went out to eat, then to this girls house and started drinking beforehand.
I remember I had chicken fingers, and I don't know if I was just an inexperienced drinker or if everything just mixed with the food wrong.
So naturally...
I start scooping my own chunky vomit WITH MY HANDS and start throwing it into the toilet...
Also, by the time i finished cleaning up, everyone LEFT ME IN THE HOUSE, and were about to leave without me.
They completely forgot I was in there.
Anywho...
no one ever asked me about it.
crazy glue made from real crazy, who wears dead peoples ashes?
That's not really any crazier than any other postmortem tradition.
I mean, the norm is to put the person in an absurdly extravagant box, bury it precisely 6 feet under ground, and then label the spot with a rock.
At least with her way, you get the whole sentimental "a part of my loved one is always with me" bit, instead of "my loved one is in a box in a field somewhere, labeled by a rock".
Let's hope you're not too eager to have a few new accessories.
XD they're both old, it won't be long ;) ...
I'm a terrible person.
Im as goth as the next guy, but thats what memories and photos are for.
And anything is crazy if you look at your way, hey Im eating, Im absorbing things into my body that were outside my body, thats craaazy.
I meant crazy as in outside the norm.
Where is that reference from?
Sounds familiar but I have no idea where it's from.
South Park.
thought Kenny's ashes were really just milk mix, so he drank them and absorbed Kenny's soul into his body.
On South Park drank Kenny's ashes thinking they were chocolate milk mix
The movie Due Date turned one of the guys ashes into coffee.
That's what I thought of lol
Enough with this pic please.
YEAH DUDE SO BAKED GOTTA TELL EVERYONE
What say you?
Her mother must have been really small.
Call her an asshole next time.
It's sexually ambiguous and gets the point across in a non-sexist way.
YOU ARE THE FUCK UP OF THE WEEK, 5/27/12 :D
been there, done that in a bar.
never been that drunk again.
good cover with the scooping!
Ah, yes.
(g--)g yesss
You were probably searching for a bad word that wasn't sexual like "cunt", so you picked something way out but non-sexual.
That is to say, the very extremity of the feelings gave you to use that "outlier" word which means it is not central for you.
If it were, it would be in your everyday speech.
But situations can obtain and should be borne in mind generally as these things happen too much in various situations.
Such is the responsible price of insight into human nature.
Hot.
My vagina just begged me for a glass of milk after reading this.
You know how oil is hydrophobic?
THAT HAND WASHING IT DIDNT DO ANYTING.
I ate some naga jolokia wing sauce before and I couldn't put my contact lenses in for 3 days.
The pain was transcendent.
I tried washing my hands with baking soda, steel wool, toothpaste, borax, everything.
No dice.
I'm not sure if I should high5 you or feel bad.
How do you know you'll outlive your husband?
He's got sixteen years and health problems on twenty two year old vegan me...
We assume it'll go that way.
welcome to (
That's what soaps are for...
Don't high5 him, you don't want that shit on your hands too.
I'll wear a glove.
MJ did it, why can't I?
He's got 16 years left to live?
XD he's sixteen years older than me
Ah, so you, a 22 year old girl, are married to a 38 year old guy?
When did you guys meet?
XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD
Soon to be married.
We're old friends.
When his marriage ended I was there as a friend because I cared and we ended up figuring out that we were perfect together.
I get my best friend and beautiful kids :)
DM;DB
Damn those hydrophobes, EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL FLUIDS!
But not solids, that's just fucking unnatural.
Your girlfriend has a truly excellent sense of justice.
I approve.
haha...with something like this a friend of mine burned his entire PC :3
That must have felt, well pretty warm.
So you've been old friends huh?
Since you were 15?
old friends + time for you to have grown close enough to get married.
I'm a-ok with that.
Not quite sure why you're judging...
how old we physically are, we're both children pretending to be adults and that's alright with us.
Doesn't Matter; Did Burn?
That, my friend, is a (
Doesn't Matter; Dick Burns.
Close!
I wish you all the happiness in the world :)
Repost.
I'm pretty sure this was the ending to Romeo and Juliet.
In my experience, the absolute worst drivers are people who don't own their own vehicle.
They lack the experience with driving in general, and with that specific vehicle, which would allow them to safely operate it.
It does make someone a slightly more cautious driver if they've had to pay for a vehicle as well.
You don't appreciate the value of it till you realize that a tired old truck will cost you a couple months pay.
Just imho anyhow.
will fix that.
If crazy means outside the norm, then I guess it was all the who weren't Nazis that were crazy during WWII.
I've woken up before at 2am, thought I was running late, leaped out of my lofted bed and dislocated my shoulder on the floor.
The way I fell I actually had myself pinned to the floor and couldn't move without terrible pain.
So I had to sit there, pinned to the floor with my ass sticking straight up while a crowd gathered around me for an hour until the duty doctor came in to reduce it.
Doesn't matter, still had sex.
I had been wondering for the longest time why there were episodes with Kenny's soul haunting , now I know why.
That is really awful, I am so sorry.
You really fucked up.
I dont see what the problem is.
That is annoying/frustrating, sorry to hear that.
Are you in a music conservatory?
If so, where?
Keep working, you'll get there.
I play violin and whenever I play in front of people solo, my hands get sweaty and I get a shot of unwanted adrenaline like nothing else.
So I understand what you mean by stress while playing.
Once again I have been defeated by the relentless application of logic.
Oh, that feels good.
It's burning.
What the fuck did he do to me?
PEPPERS!
"STICK YOUR COCK IN ME!"
If I'm going down, you're going down with me, mother fucker.
I'm going to contract 50 Cent to write a rap song based off your TL;DR.
Cunt can be an endearing term in other cuntries.
Well played by her.
Here ok be known in --- id didnt have a shortened tit but didnt it understand.
Hope that cleared it up.
If it starts to burn he might be forced to stick his dick in you.
You thought your hand...was a bee.
You...thought your hand...was a fucking bee?
That is waking-up-stupor goodness right there.
I apologise wholeheartedly for laughing.
I thought my hand was a snake once, span away into a faceful of dogshit.
Too bad.
with dice is the best way to remove the oils.
No, not the point.
the sharp edge.
should have used a condom.
Must had been some hot sex
You should've just gone down on her.
Don't tell her now.
That would be even more awkward.
She's a keeper...
You know how soap breaks down oils?
IF HE USED SOAP YOUR COMMENT IS IRRELEVANT.
flaming upvote
I shouldn't have laughed so hard at this
HOW THE FUCK DOES A BLACK DICK CONSTITUTE AS GOOD FAP MATERIAL?
Ditto here.
on my way to high school many years ago, during heavy traffic.
The force was enough to knock my rear view mirror clean off the windshield.
I did.
You made me laugh like Dr on crack cocaine.
Steel wool?
the fuck did I just read?
Warren, I would really change that link into a imgur link :)
I am a habanero fiend so this happens in our house a lot.
oh sweetheart this is horrible!
i agree with everyone below me, theres nothing wrong with you, or with bondage, i think shibari is lovely!
im so sorry this happened and made you feel like there was something wrong with you.
that girl completely over reacted, and the only one who should feel embarrassed or weird about it is her.
on a side note though: please please dont practice bondage EVER while you or anyone else has been drinking.
not only because it can cause this sort of confusion, but also for safety reasons.
its your responsibility as a person in control of another human being to have a clear head.
a persons life is in your hands, even with light bondage.
anyway, youre awesome, dont let this get in the way of a really neat and fun thing to do with a girl youre into!
You forgot the first rule of 'Ghost pepper infused hot wing club' wash your hands before sexual shenanigans.
Oh...AND don't talk about 'Ghost pepper infused hot wing club'...shhh.
sounds like a first world problem too!
What the fuck is switching pipes.
welcomes
Oh no, she's a lady.
She drinks from a straw.
Did you wash it with milk or oil?
People get offended by the pettiest shit.
It's certainly better than trying human transmutation right alchemist?
Haven't been doing much transmuting these days.
With the economy the way it is, the materials would cost me an arm and a leg.
I understand.
By the time I was done I wouldn't have anything or anybody.
Tagged as Milky Vagina.
Well, if she puts them on display for everyone, she shouldn't be offended.
a crazy ex.
Why's that?
What does your vagina look like?
I mean no disrespect, I am legitimately curious.
Why everything?
Maybe you can go manage a Taco Bell.
It's too damn hot...
milk was a bad choice.
eh, whatever.
I don't see her problem?
WORTH IT!!
good thing men pretend they know how to do math
their their
Ah, didn't even realize your name was the same as your ...
Well anyway, anyone can find your profile just by the link to the picture.
It's just generally better/more private if you just use imgur.
bitch prease this is the internet if me calling someone fag every second sentence is acceptable why the fuck should i care for grammar
(when im doing official docs i go over and correct all my mistakes)
Reddit usually finds grammar important.
It's not a huge deal, but you come off as a lot more professional and intelligent when what you type is grammatically correct.
the dude rinsed his mouth out afterwards (assuming he was in a bathroom), whatever.
Yes, probability suggests bullshit.
, there is definitely a certain subset of people who enjoy pain.
All told, I'd give this story a "" rating, and then go wash my hands just in case.
I imagine OP's child will always wonder why he loves hot wings so much.
It's explained pretty well (
Yeah I don't really care about people knowing my name here.
I like being me.
Milk, yes.
Oil, no.
Well from the perspective of the passionate Nazi party members during WWII, they were.
please
I'm
I find the corners on a d4 can really get in to those hard to reach places.
"Big tit bubble butt interracial fuck"...yeah, I can see the creativity in that title.
It rhymes a bit and just rolls off the tongue.
As a man of science, I'd appreciate the e-mail.
anyone to either like and/or believe anything you put on Reddit is inconceivably more likely if you don't type like a child.
You calling someone a fag every second sentence isn't acceptable.
If you go down on me, I'll go down on you.
It was a horror makeup class, the wounds being fake is to be expected.
If she got mad, that's her problem.
Yeah now I've got my eye on another kindergarten.
I'm surprised!
Both you and he forgot to capitalize the "Bitch." :P
Well I guess I failed at being a grammar nazi then.
(Well It doesnt necesarily break them down.
A soap molecule typically consists of a hydrophobic part attached to a hydrophiliac part.
They also lower the surface tension of water and thus fully coat the oily parts.)
I think the "fuck up" was leaving the door unlocked.
I think the "fuck up" was leaving the door unlocked.
Dude, turn it into a story, you just fucked through ghost pepper- not something most people can say.
...I have the weirdest boner right now.
Now I want you to read what he wrote and picture the situation in your head.
It is fucking just...
not a fuck up.
I'm assuming you're a girl (correct me if I'm wrong) and there are chances that he might have feelings for you too.
And if he doesn't now, he'll be thinking about it from now on so he may develop some feelings in the future.
And then she got pregnant.
oral sex could have been a worst revenge !
Well hey I have you beat friend.
I shelled out 900$ to my shady cousin for a sweet new ride.
He said there were no problems and that he wanted to get rid of it because it sucks at steering.
So I popped the hood and put power steering fluid.
BAM!
worked like a charm.
Closed hood, realized the hood felt funny.
DROVE ANY WAYS!
60MPH down the road later, my hood pops up.
I can't see anything.
I freak out.
Then I can see...My hood sails over the top of my car and lands on the road behind me.
I pull over freaked out.
uncontrollably.
Bad memories.
Y'all need to chill out.
Are you male or female?
that greatly changes the circumstances and possible outcomes of this fuck up
How did you break your key?
And im sorry that sucks dick.
Im really sorry you had to go through that
:((( is that frowny enough?
with the toilet water
If you had known about Rule #1324 on it clearly states that "One should never speak how they do online in real life."
I'm a guy and even I knew that, comon man.
for the lazy's
Sounds more like "Got Caught" than "Almost Got Caught."
nah I do, I just have always wrote comon, lol I should start using grammar, especially on Reddit.
P.s nice to use when you've been told.
No injuries?
alcohol is a bitch to put out.
good use of the word "whilst"
Life Skills # 461--- Have a spare key made for your vehicle.
( Bike, Truck, Car) Attach it to some accessible component under the front of vehicle with good quality electrical tape, I.E.
Lower hose, Tie rod, Frame rail, Etc.
Never be Stuck because of loss of Key.
WIN!
If you do it where people can easily see, then it's for attention.
If you do it where no one can see, then it's genuine cutting.
is key when you don't want people to know.
May I ask why you're tagged as fuck up of the week?
at least you got a fuck, unlike forever alone me :-'(
I was vacationing in Nova Scotia one summer when my mother and I were driving next to a VW Jetta on N.S.'s completely barren highway systems (so much fun to drive there).
The second we were right next to the guy his hood flies up and totally annihilates his front windshield.
The only thing I heard was BANG, then saw this guy sticking his head out the window and getting off at the next exit.
My mother and I just gave each-other the "Did you see that!?" look.
The driver had everything under control so we didn't feel the need to stop.
if they were college material they wouldn't have joined the military as privates
The more that you worry about it/the more power that you give the words, the more damaging it's going to be.
Just relax, pretend that it was said playfully, and apologize if necessary.
Happy to help :)
Hell son, I'll put it on my own card!
And while drinking that whiskey and smoking those cigars, you're gunna need a corner office, right?
I got a very mild burn about three inches long on my left calf where I didn't move away fast enough, but other than that, no.
People like that should lose their jobs when they cannot apply critical thinking.
...Which opens things up to all kinds of abuses.
Break up sex there is nothing better.
all bottles hit there end sooner or later.
I am sure she will be pissed but will understand.
damn man.
I got something better.
I was in my gf's finished basement her pants down me fingering and eating her out when her older sister came running down and caught us right in the middle.
She told us not to worry as shes not going to snitch but she told me she would kill me if she ever caught me doing anything else.
Her older sister was a whore.
We actually pulled up on her in the drive way giving head to her bf in his blacked out BMW.
So we had the heat should she have snitched.
She says she's glad it was well enjoyed and that I should have just told her.
We have a pretty close relationship and I tell her most things.
Maybe this means I'm an alcoholic.
pretty sure he has to get the broken part of key from keyhole first
I thought you were talking about her pubic hair honestly.
Just the tip.
it with more booze, store bought.
This is definitely funny as I imagine it in my mind
If you turn it too hard it can break.
Why the 6th of ?
I'm not that old!!
Should've just filled the rest with water and told her that she's getting old and has bad eyesight when she asks about the colour being much more transparent.
I have no idea why but my IP address is banned.
in this household has been having fun over there, it seems.
Guess I'll just proxy it, whatever.
I'm tearing up a little bit from how much I can't stop laughing at that
I had the fuckup with the most upvotes this week.
Look at the sidebar under "fuckup of the week"
Well done sir, cheers
YEAH DUDE GOTTA SHOW EVERYONE I'M A JACKASS WHEN I REPLY
My dad is a wine freak and we have a cellar with hundreds of bottles, some worth literally thousands and some only 80$ or so.
I once took a bottle for my girlfriend and i.
It ended up costing somewhere around 500$.
My dad just called me to the cellar when he noticed and pointed out the bottles i should and shouldnt take.
My dads usually easy going so maybe i got lucky, but point is it probably wont be as serious as you think it will be .
It just means you dodged a fucking bullet that never existed.
lol, you know he's gunna show everyone you both know, right?
flogged the dolphin, I died
How exactly does that work?
I understand the point of collecting things.
Boy, do I understand.
But you purchase some sort of wine, you store it in the basement and then what?
Over the course of a year does he consume more then he drinks?
Is there ever a point where the wine gets thrown out because it has gone bad?
Is this your inheritance?
It works like this.
Just a little update, I got a date with the chick I drank it with.
I'm not too sure.
It didn't break in the lock, it was just broken when I pulled it out my pocket.
Nope, it somehow broke In my pocket
Edit: having a spare key taped to the car like that is just asking for trouble.
It either:
A) gains value over the years and he sells it
B) gets better over time and he enjoys it
C) he only buys it to drink, and only ages.it a year or so.
I couldn't stop laughing at this either when I first saw it.
I probably laughed for almost an hour that night.
No, you didn't fuck up.
She sounds melodramatic and she wants attention.
People who get offended for the sake of getting offended are idiots.
Grouse isn't exactly high quality liquor.
Even with the age, it was probably worthless and likely will taste pretty similar to fresh, store-bought Grouse (that is to say, disappointing).
and whisky don't age in-bottle.
All old bottles taste ostensibly the same as the day they were bottled, regardless of quality.
Your mom is a fucking retard.
I keep my spare key in my wallet, in the little (change pocket?
it is it snaps shut) inside the front.
Just a little update, 2012 - 1986 < 30.
Thank you for your wisdom
Fuck magical breaking keys dude, that sucks!
Click on the link to submit a request to delete it.
On that page you will find out that it's deactivated before it's deleted.
I got rid of mine about a month ago so I can no longer access that page
It was more the sentimental value, I think.
fuckin' this.
I keep a spare in my wallet too, ever since a fiasco where I locked my keys in my car and it took me 2 hours to get back in to my car because my cellphone service was cut off.
You don't know much about how whisky is made do you?
But to confirm we would need to know the exact bottle.
The bottle should state if it had been aged before being bottled, correct?
Not a single clue.
The whisky was probably made before you were born :P
One possible explanation is that it got broke when i dropped the table.
Try again next time on "Guess That ".
Same thing would have resulted.
The oils went into his mouth and on his tongue too.
Is there ever a point where the wine gets thrown out because it has gone bad?
Fine reds get better with time as opposed to 'spoiling' or going bad.
The guy at the rental store said to go down a bit
and then pull up, and to keep repeating that
Did he wink as he said this?
does whiskey still age in the bottle?
open or sealed?
Reply:
essentially never gain anything from being in a bottle.
There are a rare few bottlings that do have benefits from aging (mostly brandy-based), however those are difficult to find and these days only come from small distillers.
Guess I'll just proxy it, whatever.
Where end?
Age of wine matters more because of the year.
Some years there's drought, sometimes really rainy, sometimes really hot, other years mild.
All affecting the quality of the grapes.
Ah to be in middle school again...
Shows dedication to theater!
There.
He clearly said it was there.
it wouldn't hurt to help anybody else experiencing IP issues, or if you were unable to proxy for whatever reason.
AFAIK nobody else reported issues and I didn't exactly ask for help either.
Stop being a douche.
probably would have been more mad if this happened than if you just told her you drank it all
Glass is semi permeable.
Over 30 odd years it will be significantly different than a fresh whiskey.
Also, if you look at scotch, peat dies with age.
So you'd be looking even more change.
Then why do you assume the entire world wants to know about your network connectivity issues?
I was quite obviously kidding.
Sorry, I'm just used to being independent and I generally get irritated when someone helps me with such an "easy" issue.
It just makes me feel like people think I'm dumb.
(this is not me trying to further respond like a dick but a hopefully legitimate apology)
I wasn't quite sure in this case, considering wide array of age groups that frequent reddit!
Even though I'm of the young-ish part of the redditor age group (17) do I still have enough common sense for things alike this.
I wouldn't say you were stupid, but the more you post the more dense you appear.
Its like a self fulfilling process...
Buy her a nice bottle of ...it's better and she'll never know!
There's always the chance with real cork that air will get in and turn a great wine to really expensive salad vinegar.
Ugh.
I was actually served this once at a nice restaurant...the waiter didn't believe me, thought I was unaccustomed to fine wine...until the manager tried it.
with this common sense and your age, the world is your oyster
Cunt-calling aside...why would you marry someone who doesn't have the heart to open a door for you when you can't get in any other way?
She was either mad at you for something else you did or is a jerk.
I remember some comedian saying something about the kind of woman who will unlock the driver door for you before you have the chance to open it with a key...just sayin'.
I guess that was before everyone had remote door locks...
Aw, you're like us when we were 5.
"NO, I CAN DO IT ON MY OWN!!!"
Glad you were not hurt.
Was she actually a prostitute or are you just an asshole?
Nigger isn't an offensive word on /b/ though..
I think.
it's generally considered one of the worse words to call someone - he's obviously not racist, just not very tactful when it comes to choosing cursewords.
Should've called her a whore instead if he must be mean, at least it kind of works.
just poetry, man
Wow you got a whole lot of terrible bro answers.
For most women, that word is NOT to be uttered and is an insult to the highest degree.
profusely and be understanding about why what you said insulted her.
aged 12 years is only, what, 20-30 dollars depending on how fancy it is?
she won it for horse racing, it was probably really classy whiskey, so it was probably aged beforehand.
Maybe, still weird though
I demand an update!
I couldnt find a dollar(or pound) value although sentimentally its probably priceless.
You screwed the pooch pretty good.
I did a similar thing.
Drank a few bottles of wine that my mom got as a gift in hawaii from her now deceased friend.
But I drank with a bunch of guys so there was no possible long or short term hook ups.
to the best of of us.
My buddy is normally really chill and fun to hang out with but when he gets drunk he takes a turn for the worst...
He thinks he knows everything and is just the most annoying kid on the planet.
So I was already irritated with him and he randomly called me a name which put me over the edge.
So I punched him and we fought and I whooped his ass and the next day it was okay :)
Moral of the story: your friends will get over it; they're being dramatic douches if they're judging you based on this one incident.
They'll be back don't worry
the latter
i don't see the big deal.
Yeah, well, "probably" doesn't quite cut it.
I don't doubt that it was aged, but there's only one way to be sure.
I walked up to one that was still active but there wasn't anyone near that could have possibly used it recently so I took out the card and threw it in the trash.
But it's better gay...
You can claim unemployment if you're fired, you can't if you quit.
There's also the chance of a cork infection.
Not quite sure how it goes, but there's noting quite like being served a glass of wet dog.
This is why servers have you taste the wine when they open the bottle.
It isn't to decide whether or not you like it.
The reason is to determine whether or not the bottle has soured.
Once they pop the cork, you've bought the bottle.
Unless it has soured, which will be obvious on the first sip.
In many, many cultures in the world it's normal for cousins to get married.
Lots.
I remember reading somewhere that the chances of first cousins producing offspring with birth defects is about on par with a 40 year old woman having a baby with an unrelated man.
if you have common sense at 13 you a goddamn wizard!!
That waiter never should have indicated that he did but believe you.
That is classless and demeaning to the guest.
Unless he was totally a good sport about it I'd remember that when it was time to tip.
(and I'd be a total jerk and only leave 15%.
Got him good!)
So either you masturbate in public bathrooms using vibrators(!) or you don't have any running water at home.
I don't get this story.
I would imagine she was just joking around, teasing him about not opening the door, but he just wasn't in the mood for it and lost patience.
But maybe not, maybe she really was just being a cunt, I just got the feeling from the way he said it that she wasn't doing anything to warrant his harsh reply.
Whut?
Dafuq did I just read...
...Which head?
I've seen enough porn to know where this is going...
OP, was there any aftermath?
SHE SAID SHE LEFT HER VIBRATOR IN TOO LONG, LOST THE CORD IN HER ANUS AND THEN HAD TO POOP IT OUT AND CLEAN IT OFF IN A PUBLIC RESTROOM
I think the OP is less concerned if aging whisky has any benefits, and more concerned that he drank some whisky that had sentimental value to his mother.
I'm missing something?
well, yeah.
Drugs r bad, mmmkay?
i took a strangers phone last night and decided to update her status on facebook.
turns out she was a closet lesbian.
and i pushed that out.
i was then attacked by her.
i dont remember any of this though
I really wish I could upvote this more...
And hopefully today was the day you realized that drugs are never worth the trouble.
one of your mother's mementos for a single date is worth it?
You are a terrible son.
To clear up, add flavor (oh god that phrasing), and help you understand.
We were having afternoon sexy-times, both of us were experimenting with Anal (fingers and toys with loads of lube) and pleasing each other.
After a messy time we washed up and went around town.
The toy she had inside of her was a tiny vibrating bullet, the string was too short (we fixed that now!) So after a couple apparently pleasant hours of a buzzing bum.
Nature called, it was stuck, so the only was out was to push it out, a messy affair in total.
But sometimes you just have to laugh or you'll gag.
OP will surely deliver.
So it's kinda like:
'Here I sit, broken-hearted,
Tried to shit but only farted.'
except that it's completely the opposite?
And this is why he is the best boyfriend in the world.
So you're a shitty redditor, eh?
Does reddit have an idiot of the week award?
This goes up their with the guy who fingered his girlfriend with Pepper Oil still on his fingers.
I actually thought about that while in the shower.
Now that I know their pain, I feel extremely bad for them.
on what happened?
You wouldn't be the only person who's tried that...
At least you managed to poop that out.
NEVER let things go completely inside of your anus, at all costs.
Things get stuck a lot, that's why anal plugs have a thick base, so they can be pulled out.
EDIT: Also, you should experiment with cameras, needs more m+f
Pussy...
I used to put that shit on my nips or my balls before a game.
It made me skate faster.
TIAFU by misspelling joining.
i just got it after reading this comment.
Highly disappointed.
You get no karma from self-posts.
wasn't my intention, I just could find out how to edit the title
As far as I can tell there really isn't any fuck up here.
Even if wasn't for an editorial position, many businesses that receive many applications will automatically toss ones with spelling errors.
I was just being an asshole.
" reddit" really is TIFU material.
Maybe if you "joined reddit at work then your boss got pissed and fired you" then it would be postable.
I was wondering how you were going to expel the foreigners.
wasn't my intention, I just could find out how to edit the title
Wasn't my intention, I just wish I could find out how to edit the title
Theres another one, the grammar nazi's could have jailed you.
Seeing as its your first day and all I think I will let you off with a warning.
Also, welcome to the end of your social life.
damn it.
I didn't catch that one..
but thank you officer!
I don't know if I want pics or not...
Who am I kidding, yes I do.
I actually find I lift waaay better when I'm still kinda coming down from being stoned.
no it fucking doesn't.
Claps for you!
Just outta curiosity...
Was it a huge gaff?
Maybe it won't be noticed?
The line about being freezing cold in the shower with your junk on fire made my day, I forgot to thank you in my last post for a hearty laugh.
That made me strangely uncomfortable, and I am not entirely sure as to why.
isn't here isn't normal...
This happens to EVERYONE!
I've always been upset by people that vomited in the sink instead of the toilet.
I mean it's better than the carpet but..
lol i know right wtf?
Sure did :(
Yeah man...
this is perhaps the most uncomfortable gif I've seen lately...
but I hope to see it more
The way he moves his eyebrows just says 'I'm going to do disturbing things to you'
I'm guessing they've been going out less than 6 months.
I'm with this guy.
Me like grammar, it good.
doesn't age in-bottle, sadly.
That stuff was 30 years old when it went into the bottle.
Try getting really baked, then do it.
I did that once.
I don't believe that's considered "aging".
There's always been some measure of evaporation and concentration as a result of imperfect packaging..
commonly known as "The Angel's Share".
This mundane story has brought tears to my eyes.
Call me a liar about a wine that's gone over, and still get 15%?
Pfft.
Oh man, I made this error with my parents.
They'd much rather have had less good booze than more watered-down shite.
Whoops.
needs more m+f
Good god, please.
"I'm totally shy and I'll give you more pictures if you upvote me".
That's the only fuck up you've made in nine years?
I'm impressed.
I would tip worse than that.
But having been a waiter it's hard for me to do.
But having been a waiter I reeeally think this would be enough to do worse than 15%.
to the end of your social life.
Things are far more fun here, I assure you :)
it's just especially bad to claim I have excellent editing skills, and then fuck up in the next paragraph.
Whoops.
Not that huge?
I left out an article.
So fingers crossed that whoever reads it isn't observant.
Serves you right, cracker!
Signed,
a fellow cracker.
This in addition to the added flavor has to be the best thing I've read on Reddit today.
meh, I have a friend who just enlisted because he's impatient
Well that's going to be an unfortunate RES tag.
It is more like "I'm a bit shy but here is 20 photos of my twat".
Well I'm glad that my pain has brought you joy :]
0.o upvote for the act of badassery
LMFAO
I'm not comfortable with my body, but here's a closeup of my pooper.
That's a fair point - if the server was otherwise good, then definitely tip.
A single error isn't enough to merit completely stiffing the poor schlub.
But if that's indicative of his general attitude over the night, a lack of tip might encourage him to find another form of employment where his pay doesn't depend on his attitude.
I definitely sympathize with the servers of the world, and make an effort to tip higher than typically 'necessary' if they've been generally nice folks.
I don't really care about the service per se, so much as I do about the interactions with the staff.
These things can be repaired with explanations.
a good "my son is a royal fucktard and telemarketers are assholes" is sufficient.
Most fathers can relate to that on some degree.
There will be other buyers otherwise.
I have not seen that emote before!
Where has it been all my life!?
EZ FIX
I once got my little step brother to put after shave on his balls.
I can't remember what we said to get him to, but the after ensued like...
FUCK FUCK FUCK, and he ran around the house like this for a good few minutes.
By far one of the funniest things I've seen, and I didn't feel an ounce of bad.
Also, I hated the kid, so that helps.
for curiousity
Sorry you lost your dinner, bro.
i smell 9fag
We've been dating for well over a year, and things are great.
This Girl is one hell of a keeper!
FOR SPARTA
aha no they were fine with it..
just said we all been caught once and left it there.
atleast it wasnt her dad!
But why did she go to a public restroom to pull it out?
And how do you leave a vibrator in too long??
SO MANY QUESTIONS!
I donno man, people who are paying $180,000 for something can get pretty ornery over very little.
I did this to my aunt In law.
She was inviting us to the wedding.
Felt absolutely horrible when I realised what I'd done.
Am I the only one who can't make sense of this story?
Then she can refill the locket!
pretty much an indian rung up and i ripped the shit out of him and my dad was building his house and he told dad to get fucked with the job and got another builder to do it
wait is your mom black or white?
My grandpa was offered a chance to buy stock for when it was first getting started.
the guy was only asking for like 50 bucks
bad luck brain.
but also there are alot of businesses that don't take off
Couldn't you easily clear this up with him though?
Or tell your girlfriend or her mom?
yeah its just crazy to know my family could have been pretty rich.
.especially when im sitting in a house with no electricity while im stealing my neighbors internet and we are behind on rent
I call shenanigans
thats why toys actually made for ass play have flared bottoms
Took me a second too.
I think the author is from the UK.
Indian telemarketers have been harassing him, telling him his computer has a virus, etc.
He gets pissed, starts messing with them.
His father is a builder (contractor/construction worker), who has a client building a house for $180,000.
The client is Indian, calls the house looking for the father.
OP pretends to be the father, tells him to fuck himself, or otherwise messes around with him.
The client fires OP's dad and hires another contractor.
Here have some karma that'll make ya feel better.
you wish to put it.
This is true, but at least his father still has the product to move.
I wonder what it is.
"" sounds like illicit substances .
It totally does =]
This is , get used to it
I was just thinking that.
to everyone.
The trunk or the front hood.
The only thing that made this comment even more beautiful is your name.
Alas I have but one upvote to give
I feel you pain- When I was 12, I opened a bottle of 1975 (one of the top 10 years) Dom to use the cork in a science experiment, and put it back in the storage cabinet.
units were PISSED.
So then I got to wondering, what would happen if I put a little bit on my balls?
Didn't need to read the rest.
2/10 WOULD NOT BANG
As a geologist, I would like to say that your username is fantastic.
I accidently had "I want to be apart of this organization." in mine.
Got hired still.
That's damn creepy.
I don't think is quite like the rest of us
for the children
Spoken like a true unappreciative shithead.
Wine does but spirits don't, as you say.
and my axe!
The first proxy I tried worked without having to register so I don't think that's the case.
Are you living outside of the US?
If you are, this might be the issue since so am I.
I wish I could be the best man at your wedding.
I'd have so much fun with the speech.
Done that before now.
I can edit like a demon when it's been written by someone else but I'm completely blind to my own work.
I didn't really want to
we had no condoms and I fear pregnancy fairly seriously.
Sounds to me like you made a good call.
You'd have fucked up more if she'd gotten pregnant.
Well, better she not call you back to have sex than call about the child you made.
Hey, at least you didn't do what my mom did at an audition, back in the day.
She did a gliss, cut her finger on a broken key, and struggled valiantly through the rest of the piece while bleeding all over the piano.
She did not get the job.
I applaud you for having thought of that despite being drunk with an attractive girl.
I got the Night in reference too.
What now?
TYMU: Today You Manned Up
ive learned so much from this thread about alcohol
im 3
Yeah, just starting looking into this further.
, I am still eligible based on my termination.
Going to file this week...
Thanks for the tip though.
13 year old inserted hot cinnamon candy in her vajay-jay during a cadet summer camp.
Was hospitalized.
What happened that warranted hospitalization?
"probably" doesn't quite cut it
...I'm pretty obviously not OP, OP hasn't given full information, it sucks to be you but "probably" is probably the best you'll get.
She was in horrible pain as the created an intense burning sensation from within her vagina as the candy started melting from contact with surrounding fluids.
It was at night and the medical staff on-site only had minimum material.
They felt it was safer to bring her there after initial treatment.
But wow.
How the hell does one think of doing that in the first place??!
She beat the shit out of the kid who suggested it.
My mother did something similar involving cups and cupholders.
She was driving a small SUV with the gearshift in between the two front seats, and immediately in front of that, a cupholder.
She takes her cup of water and goes out into the garage to leave for work.
The act of putting the car in reverse knocks her water onto her lap, which surprises her, and causes her to jump up out of the car.
The scenario so far: the car is in the garage, in reverse, with the driver's side door open and nobody in it.
The car begins to back up, and the door collides with the frame of the garage, bending completely backwards and ruining both the door and the garage.
This collision gives the car just enough of an incentive to turn that it starts to make a slow arc away from the garage.
So I guess that's not really that similar at all, but that's the story.
...the chosen one...
This is so sad, I wish I could buy you dinner :(
gets to the best of us.
It's one of humanity's greatest tools as well as one of our worst downfalls.
No truer words were ever spoken.
In this case, is it appropriate to say that you "accidentally article"?
Only thing worse that icy hot is Nair...bad mistake :(
Nair is worse...don't ask...
No, drugs are fine.
You just can't be dumb when you take them.
People that overestimate themselves and their own thresholds are the problem - not responsible users.
Acid can be quite an enlightening trip, you just have to make sure you're ready for it.
For future reference, you stick a candy cane in there and you're good to go.
For future reference, anything that makes your mouth hurt a bit when you eat a lot of it will most likely be a lot, lot worse if you stick in your vagina.
Oh and extra tip: don't lose it in there.
irst time, a little shy...
BUT HERE ARE MY FALLOPIAN TUBES!
This is hilarious.
It does, doesn't it?
What is it doing on a workbench though, and you'd think that clients of that nature wouldn't call via home phones!
Yea, we all hated him.
:) Silly kid.
He's cool with us now though.
more than what I had already said, internet stranger.
See ya!
Crazy...but kind of makes sence.
hahaha...it happens to the best of us.
i once called my dad to come out with a trailer and pick me up, i was about an hour from home...he arrived, and saw the killswitch was off.
i felt like a dick.
but then, i still find it funny to flick other peoples killswitch as i walk by there bikes, then sit somewhere nearby and watch the spectacle.
I don't see what you did wrong here.
Hi Warren!
GW post or it didn't happen.
You're just kind of a dick head.
You didn't "fuck up", you're just an entitled little shit who never thinks of anyone but himself.
I've taken acid before, in fact I've taken more than I did when I had a seizure.
So I don't believe that I somehow caused the seizure by "not being ready." Pretty sure the problem was that throughout my entire trip I was seeing a strobe light.
(Not in real life of course.)
Holy shit why have I never thought of this
He's dead now...
what in the fuck?!
Ahh man this one is painful!
i feel your pain brother..
Did something very similar the other day.
the points on my car, which were way off.
Except then the car wouldn't start.
I adjusted the carb, checked the plugs, etc, only to find that I had forgotten to plug the points back into the condenser.
Moral of the story: Check the simple things first.
Spoken like someone indoctrinated by a life of societal beliefs and inhibitions.
Acid does not do anything to your brain.
The only lasting side effect is that acid will buildup in your spine and you won't be able to go into space.
It's a simple trade off, exploring space or exploring your mind.
No, your girlfriend's a bitch.
Just a little update, I got a date with the chick I drank it with.
You're a piece of shit with no game apparently.
caught rofl
Point destroyed?
must give in
RES tagged as Anal mistakes
How can you say 'dont ask' on reddit and expect it to be left at that ;)
aaand im done with lunch
But what made you think I give a fuck?
You have a terrible sense of smell.
O thats nut soo terible!
isnt importtant.
though, if you want to make yourself feel better, browse some ads on or Kijiji.
The average person can't write at a sixth-grade level.
So it might be a glaring error to you, but it might not even be noticed by your reader!
I'll cross my fingers for you.
The security tape of that needs to make it to Reddit.
Kudos for taking responsibility!
I had an old guy come into my grocery store once and shit his pants.
It ran down his leg while he walked up and down every aisle looking for a restroom.
presents valid argument with a mix of fact/opinion
must be irrational
inb4 zombie cool kid?
Saw , knew it was an MLP one.
Are we the only fandom to use the word or something?
And a crappy ending, too
I imagined him as a pirate.
After I got into Anime, "" have been real popular.
And ever since, I've referred any stuffed thing as "".
Unless they have a name then I just call them by the name.
upvote for manning up and cleaning up
How did you shit on the floor?
your pants?
u should have left it for a paid cleaner to clean, as they would have used disinfectant instead of jus paper u unhygienic bastard
Liquid shit down the leg.
Very easy especially if you have on boxers or other loose underwear and don't expect it.
Nice account name, too.
i actually feel bad for you lol..
:( that would suck
of the time me and my best friend were working under an old house with another crew at our company.
Well this crawl space was only had about a foot of space so we had to dig trenches 3-4 feet deep so we could run our duct work (we all do HVAC).
So me and the mechanic from the other crew are breaking dirt and shoveling it into 5 gallon buckets and passing them back to the other guys to take out of the crawl.
Well we're all talking and carrying on when the bucket gets passed to him.
Well its quite heavy and he lifts it up and out.
The next thing we know he's hopped out of the hole and gone...not a word said to nobody.
The other guy I'm working with stops digging, turns to me, and asks, "Did he just shit himself?" "I think so, I'm not sure." Well, my friend gets back and we ask him.
"Yeah, I did.
Went to the porta john and had to cut my way out my boxers.
They were my favorite." Had us rolling for the rest of the job.
Can someone tell me how to tag someone with RES?
That is just ridiculous.
EDIT: if you are interested in it, check out this Nat Geo documentary; (
Also, wine is not a spirit.
The Eagles pissed off many a connoisseur.
Why did you just buy a pair of shorts and some boxers?
Sears does sell clothes.
You can never go to that Sears again...
dear lord there's a lot of redditors out there shitting their pants.
what the hell are you all eating??
You win this round!
My dad collected baseball caps.
He had hundreds (or thousands, I dunno).
but only wore like 2-3 ever.
He just had them hung up in the basement.
His dad collected wine, and kept it in his cellar.
I bet he showed everyone his wine collection, and would bust out a nice wine during special occasions.
Same thing, sorta?
"Shit, shit, damnit, fuck, shit!"?
, this is not so bad.
I mean, shit happens, literally.
You handled it well, man.
Good work.
Down in flames.
a wonderful story the whole family can enjoy
Oh you know, it's like clubbing your grandmother.
Duh.
It's mystifying how many think it's totally cool to just whip out and beat off in class, at work, etc.
then freak out when they get noticed like nobody would notice someone masturbating in public.
That being said, though, this guy was in the middle of a goddamn forest, hahaha...so he's not gross/socially retarded, just the ultimate Bad Luck Brian.
After three hours of Nair (aka Satan's tongue) on my ballsack, my balls were silky smooth.
But totally not worth it.
the fire and the flames, I'll still go down on you if you'll go down on me.
I'm downvoting myself.
More like (
You can just tell them you were being ironic.
I work in a restaurant and last an old woman dropped some dookie out off her pant leg right on the floor at the front doors.
it went unnoticed until another customer stepped in it.
in my drinking days, i always noticed that OE produced a very long and sizable turd
That Texas Pete will get you every time
Then he would have to walk to the clothing section, find shorts and boxers, then walk to checkout and pay, then back to the bathroom, all smelling like and leaking shit.
away a pair of boxers is much less humiliating.
Not really, grab some shorts and boxers, run back to the bathroom, explain what happened and then pay.
I smiled, but that is mostly sad.
A woman pissed at the Hobby Lobby I worked at once.
I wasn't there.
I would have been the one cleaning it.
what happened to a store worker is even more humiliating...
It was pure liquid.
Not a paste, I'm talking the consistency of water.
Inject some water up your ass and let me know how long you hold it for.
I literally didn't even know it happened until I saw it on the floor.
I have no idea why my body put that waste in my colon and not my bladder.
As for how it got on the floor, like nickb64 said, loose shorts, loose boxers.
You actually handled the entire ordeal fairly well.
In fact I wouldn't say you fucked up, I'd say you just won at everything.
i volunteered to clean the bathroom after he found it i just propped the door open and hosed it down with the antibacterial hose from meat department.
Didnt touch anything and got a 1 hour sympathy break added on to my 1 hour lunch
Number 7 on the (
You mean irst time, very shy and virgin...BUT HERE ARE MY EGGS
New York SHITTY?!
I have work for Sears for almost a year and I have heard a couple of stories like this about customers...
Looks like Sears is a store where it happens often!
for the fact that you enjoy naga jolokia.
Also similar story on my end.
After a rugby match I started fingering my gf after rubbing myself down afterwards...
without realizing I forgot to wash the icyhot residue off my hands...
He'll most likely never see them again anyway.
for the fact that you enjoy naga jolokia.
Also similar story on my end.
After a rugby match I started fingering my gf after rubbing myself down afterwards...
without realizing I forgot to wash the icyhot residue off my hands...
I clicked this fearing that you had decided to try jacking off with it.
Thank god you only put it on your balls.
Fuck yes.
Had a 10 page paper in my theoretical astro class and just to see if the teacher actually read it I put a random sentence in.
"If you want my body and you think I'm sexy then give me an A"
I got an A.
That doesn't change the fact he would have to walk up to someone and say "Hi, I just shit my pants back there, and wiped it up off the floor.
I threw my shit pants away in the bathroom, and put these on from your Men's section.
I would now like to pay for them."
Is it gross that I recognize each and everyone of those?
Sorry, shouldn't have been vague about that, as wine very much DOES age in the bottle.
Sorry for your plight and all but goddamn, that security camera footage is fuckin hysterical.
I've watched seven times all that would make it better is " sax" and Benny Hill slapping the short bald dude on the head.
I am sorry to be of so little use to you but thanks for the laughs!
That's the shittiest chart I've ever seen
Love the MLP though...
I sphincter's a moral to this story...
Next thing you know a kid trips up and lands where was once said turd and gets seriously ill.
Come on Reddit I thought you were clever it's obvious that some sort of disinfectant needed to have been used!
well a lot of are ...need I say more?
It's a load of crap.
well yeah, exactly what you just said
Why not reapply in a few days from a new gmail address, maybe they wont recognize its the same person?
[So I called up the ,
"Please bring me my wine"
He said, "We haven't had that spirit here since nineteen sixty nine"](
the fact that you replied on a public forum.
That one tends to mean that you care.
So I'm sorry, because that can't be enjoyable.
On my high school swim team we used icy hot frequently on our shoulders.
Every once in awhile we would start having a contest to see who could apply it in the craziest spot.
It'd start with nipples, then some ballsy motherfucker would use it for deodorant or rub it on their balls or asshole and be in pain 5 seconds later.
We were idiots.
Also, don't drop it in water, it disperses quickly and then everyone in a 5 foot radius will have it for full body coverage.
I never really listened to the song and always thought they meant "attitude" when they said "spirit."
You haven't seen sears loss prevention.
leaves.
When they hire you they tell you it's a felony.
I wish though :(
Worst thing I've done during a bad trip was try to walk outside naked.
Due knot trussed yaw spell cheque two fined awl yore missed aches?
There's a little button between a person's name and the (3 points 3 hours) indicator.
lots of fake shit going around.
might've been substituted amphetamines like DOB or DOM
It's used very commonly there, and as such one becomes desensitized to its use and forgets that it is a major social fuck up to say in most situations.
Source: I called my best friend a nigger over an insignificant thing, and I had been browsing /b/ and 4chan in general for a year before then.
Shit, Sam's done fucking Sally
, considering that you went out of your way to clean it up, I'd say you did the opposite of fucking up.
It's not like you could control the liquid shit at that part anyway.
Yeah so I would never drink an ounce of alcohol again if I were you...
Yeah my family has a looong history of alcoholism.
I promised myself ahead of time that I would never drink but my inner dumbass told me that I would be able to handle it...
Also there were girls and stuff.
So peer pressure and all that garbage contributed a little bit.
Props to you man.
This is a great story.
me of my almost-went-blind experience.
I was really little (I believe I was three) and I don't really remember, but my parents have told me this story many times.
I wanted to play with an umbrella but I had no idea how to open it.
Being the independent little child I was, I decided to try to open it myself.
Well, this was a cheap umbrella.
You know how the ends of the umbrella's "frame", which stick out a bit usually, have rounded edges?
Well, this umbrella just had little glued-on caps over very sharp points.
As I attempted to pry it open, one of these little caps flew off, and as the umbrella opened, the sharp point jabbed my eye.
I had to wear this "eye-cage" for a while, along with lots of eye drops and doctor visits.
Oh I see.
You are very lucky that charges aren't being pressed.
The hood latch on my car is just about the strongest piece of hardware on the entire damn car.
Not only that, but the hood is angled far more steeply than most cars, is rolled down at the end, is super heavy, AND is too short to cover most of the windshield.
Which sounds great, but I'd take a car with a shitty hood latch over a car that stalls on the highway any day.
They all knew my dad as the local drunk.
Also, it turned out one of the men is my sister's softball coach.
It's nothing but shit.
I've read the angel's share is what evaporates while whiskey ages in barrels.
Once it's bottled, it's bottled.
The only reason I read these is to know that it definitely could be worse.
On review, I think your description is more correct than my own.
Glass isn't semipermeable.
Well done, OP.
I was biting my fucking nails as I read this.
ok, scrap semi.
Its permeable none the less.
It's either you have a very unique brain and/or some kind of latent schizophrenia, or it was DO .
Its nowhere near as good or as noticeable as barrel aging for sure but it still 'ages'.
I always thought Angels Share was evaporation through the barrel, as the barrel is so pourous.
I hate to be contrarian, but every source I've found on indicates the exact opposite of this statement.
("it still ages")
Sure, it literally ages, as in it's old, but the quality of the hooch shouldn't change in a sealed container, unless you're talking about multiple decades (50+).
"Aging" typically refers to the storing of the liquor in barrels, to take on the smoke and wood flavor.
I think you're right about the Angel's Share, and I was probably just up a little too late when I wrote that.
[I hope you can still laugh at this some day, OP.](
bullshit, I say party on brother!
6th grade?
Did you introduce yourself as Dr.
Your Real Name or Dr.
I hope it's the latter.
...dude, if I owned a store, I'd rather that I clean up a bunch of shit then someone else half-assedly wiping it around with some paper.
Bleach, mang.
And to clarify, a lot of are just big babies...hope this clears things up.
I don't know what to say, except that you cleaned up your shit well ?
And stay the hell away from Texas Pete.
I really hoped the next comment was a link...
You have forever doomed your account to be associated with one thing only.
Wow, you pretty impressively took care of that.
Like, that was bad, but you took care of it.
That's pretty satisfying.
I'm glad it didn't end up that way.
Sorry, but I'm pretty sure it was Dr Last Name.
I remember a lot of hand shaking, laughing (at my drunkeness), and telling everyone how cool they were and that I'm glad I met them.
This is the only part that I'm not entirely sure really happened as I had no friends to confirm it and I don't feel like going out and asking right now.
I'll find out tomorrow from the looks my neighbours give me.
Sounds like pure exaggeration.
Either way self control is key with alcohol.
I got so drunk the other week that I put some leftover soup straigh from a pot to a cup without eating any, and to this day I will never explain my logic.
Just like your fighting the police and Dr part.
I'm sure you'll sing a different tune when I'm punching you in the face haha.
Or on a much darker note; on the hood of your car.
It's all good though haha I'm not touching that shit again and if I do in a much smaller quantity.
Idc if I'm a 2 beer queer.
I know my limits now.
I dont think I exaggerated this...The police threatened to taze me.
They slammed my head about 3 times in the back seat of the car.
My friend was in tears.
I might have broken the mans nose.
And I have bruises and cuts all over my body that I had to explain(lie) to family members today to none of which anyone believed.
When I was doing all of it I didn't feel a thing.
I never felt my fist connect with the man's face and apparently I blacked out in rage because I don't recall kneeing him.
On the self-control part: I thought I was being a perfectly sensible drunk at the time haha.
I knew I was fucked up but I just went with what I felt.
I didn't feel a thing and if my friends and mom weren't there I would've thought it was a dream haha
If you've ever watched Cops that was probably the extent of the drama just without the music.
the exact same thing happened to me!
So yeah, in a drunken stupor I scooped out all the chicken pieces and put them in the trash can, then thoroughly rinsed the sink.
First time I vomited from too much alcohol, too.
If you're looking at some combination of small atoms, high temperature and high pressure, yes.
Argon windows lose something like 1% of their gas per year, and just like with whiskey, it's because of an imperfect seal.
You stayed calm while under pressure...
or should I say...
whiled exerting pressure. YEEEAAAHHH
Heh I've done worse.
They just need to chill out a bit and realize you were wasted.
Give it time and all will be remedied.
And if not, fuck it and move forward and keep this as a reminder not to drink as much.
Cheers.
Just tell them to go beat each other off in a circle, because who really gives a fuck what they think ?
May as well tell him he opted to dedicate his life at his most primed age in his clearly mundane existence to a vast group of sexually frustrated men;
Tell him he's clearly mentally challenged if he thinks he is more than a fail-safe for electronic/nuclear warfare?
Either way really the one advocating such ridiculous questions is evidently lacking in that department anyway otherwise why the abundance of interest?
to fap while maintaining constant eye contact.
Shit, those cops not only just took you home instead of jail but they stopped you from drunkenly texting girls?
They sound like the best cops ever.
Nigga you entitled to do what you please,
be crazy n all that; you know?
I put this next to offering someone meth, it's essentially their own fault if they are like YEAH TOTALLY without even knowing its definition.
I seen it on onetime or another.
B4-4 lyrics on reddit.
Now I have seen it all.
it was kitchens and shelving and stair cases.
Hey, your vag tastes just like dinner!
I'm a girl, but I did dress up as a pirate a lot when I was a kid, so it's not entirely inaccurate.
You're now tagged as " RES".
It's so funny to read this.
I work at a Kmart (who owns Sears) and someone shit on the floor the other day.
It was in the aisle.
nicely.
I think they set their kid down, let them drop the load, and spun the child around a few times.
I'm a cashier and didn't have to clean it up.
Kudos.
Sounds like you got in what was worth it!
Yar har, fiddle di dee.
Things that are alight, are scary to me.
Put it out with some rum; it was all I could see.
You are a pirate.
EDIT: A pirate who likes to change narratives, rather.
Maybe you can play it off as having a sense of humor
That's nice.
Care for a biscuit?
I laughed way too hard at that.
or you'll peel yourself like an orange and can't be a pilot, but you'll be fine if you just have a cup of orange juice...
READ A BOOK!
One of my friends is a lifeguard and he's had to clean shit out the showers pool countless times.
I have a friend with similar experiences, he thinks it may be mild epilepsy.
He's had two seizures on mushrooms and one on lsd.
He's had symptoms brought on by flashing lights when sober, but never a seizure, just slight visual disturbance and physical unease.
And he too, has done quite a bit of tripping, and remembered flashing lights/strobbing visuals when he had the seizures.
psychedelics may not be right for your neurochemistry, or it may have been a one time freak occurrence.
If you feel psychedelics are worth it, be careful in your future experiments, and have a sitter, or at least a trip buddy that can keep his head on straight.
into how to respond to a seizure like the one you went through, and letting the sitter know what to do.
Then again, I like a good headfull of DOC...
made sense, I was so confused, then I noticed it was friend, not girlfriend.
While working at Jimmy John's last summer an elderly man in line full on shit his pants in front of his entire family and our packed store.
you're young and quick enough to fix it before someone slipped and fell in the shit puddle.
Side-note: since I was a delivery driver I had to run to and from my vehicle (jj's retarded policy) and almost went down sprinting past that old dudes mess.
I lost a piece of gum in a (now)ex-gf's pubic hair...
thought I could keep it in my mouth...
There was much angry.
sissy
Are we really going to use these two exact jokes every time there is a story including fecal matter?
Well, an opened whiskey bottle will get worse with time.
The more air there is in the bottle the faster it happens.
also deteriorates from sunlight as well as when the bottle is not standing upright.
I worked at dollar general and someone deliberately opened the door to our back room storage and took a shit in the middle of the floor
Oh alright, now I get it :)
I walked into a porta-potty once with a girl in it who forgot to lock the door.
I was holding the door wide open ready to walk in when, for some reason, she decides to jump at me.
I then slammed the door on her face in shock and looked for an alternate location to relieve myself.
It probably was.
It would be incredibly difficult for someone watching from the street to see what's going on clearly enough to take advantage.
I'd say probability suggests it was the original owner.
( considering the original owner hasn't called the police, who would pull the tapes, and come have a word or three with you.)
And...just realizing this post is 10 days old.
Oh well, better late than never.
when i was 14 i worked at mcdonalds.
this was back in 1999.
the basement was also the storeroom where we keep all the products.
the pipe from the mens room, which happened to run along the ceiling of the basement, burst one afternoon while i was working.
naturally, the cunt manager looks at me and one other kid and says "you 2 ever used a wetvac before?"
the two of us proceeded to head down to the basement with a wetvac, and clean up an inch and a half of shit and piss which was covering the ENTIRE BASEMENT FLOOR.
for $5.15 an hour (minimum wage at the time)
then, an hour and a half later, upon finishing, me and the dude walk back upstairs and cunt manager says "wow, good job guys.
you 2 can go outside and have a 5 minute smoke break if you want."
THANKS bitch.
this mcdonalds location has since been torn down and completely rebuilt.
i wonder why...
TL;DR: pipe from mens room burst in basement of mcdonalds, was made to clean shit and piss with a wetvac.
If I hadn't been in a totally different, but similarly outrageous situation, I wouldn't believe you.
Ok now look at the camera and say "I'm white trash and I'm in trouble"
for the common good.
Feels good to know someone else fucked up when drunk.
Last week i got drunk for like 3rd time and punced my friend in the face.
I will never get that drunk again, people like me shouldn't be able allowed to drink.
story, made me laugh, thank you sir.
Sorry man, I definitely feel your pain and I don't miss my university piano exams at all.
This was some of most stressful times of my entire life.
All I can say is that this too shall pass.
If music gives you joy then your grades and the opinions of judges ultimately do not matter.
Best wishes!
gets ghost pepper residue in her vagina (which, my god, I can't even imagine, but I bet it's at least as bad as getting it on your dick).
nevertheless suppresses howls of pain, feigning lust in order to seek her revenge.
Tread lightly, bro.
Your lady has nerves of steel and a vicious streak to boot.
also, blah blah "hot and bothered" blah blah
to me before, Just you described it so well and the TL;DR made me laugh.
I'm only white trash while drunk.
Try living in a cramped apartment with your gf, her sister, and your best friend, all of whom like to barge into your room to borrow your crap.
I'm almost creepily used to "roommateus interruptus" by now.
You know, for a peeing mishap, this isn't so bad.
When I came home for the weekend, my dad came late to our obligatory "family dinner," because of a similar mishap.
Classy, we are.
There's a rule me and my friends have:
If you do it drunk, we don't care.
Do it again, and we'll do it to you.
This is the best story I've read in a while.
No charges were pressed and I was taken home with only a curfew fine
So you're like a white guy, right?
Why the hell is not on that list...
You sound mildly proud of your adventure.
Don't be.
You're an ass.
I thought I was being a perfectly sensible drunk at the time haha.
I knew I was fucked up but I just went with what I felt
You should try some meth and come back and write a report.
Oh shit, is it bad that I know a video like that, probably the one you saw?
Won an AVN award for best threesome.
Sandra Romain and Sasha Grey and some dude.
Care to share?
It's funny because I'm scottish and no scots speak like that
Damn, I would watch that.
I am not the author of that list, there's a few I would change/add.
ride a bike nigga
After "gentleman vegetables" I fucking lost it.
Well done, OP.
Not saying everyone does.
Scots is an old language from that is not used much anymore.
I've disallowed myself from that group for similar reasons.
Some just can't.
just "finished high school" and parents are still punishing you?
Can still get a ticket for it, at least in CA.
Check your local vehicle code for the rules.
[CA VC on biking under the influence](
I agree, driving home was one of the stupidest decisions ever, but at least you feel super guilty and most likely learned your lesson.
, you made a stupid decision, but no one got hurt.
Let it go and don't do it again.
Yeah, I'm an openminded, kind person I think.
But if my son ever pulled this sht and THEN posted it online smugly, I'd be so disappointed.
Oh, I just realized you posted in and not or something, so maybe at least you realize it wasn't cool.
You f'ed up.
But today is a new day.
We get to start again every 24 hours :)
good thing i'm a guy
This is a long read, but there's some rather essential backstory.
Late August 2009.
A few months before, I met a guy from there on the internet, and we became fast friends.
In June of that same year, I signed my enlistment papers in an ill advised and foolhardy attempt at building a future with my then-girlfriend of 1.5 years.
Ten days after I sign, She breaks up with me.
My buddy in is having girl problems of his own.
, we end up getting our respective families on board with the idea of me flying over there and visiting for a couple of weeks.
Keep in mind that I'm single, 19 (legally able to drink over there), and I'm signing my life away to the US gov't for the next 8 years.
Also, this all took place over the course of about 2-2.5 hours.
Three days after I arrive, we go out drinking.
We meet with some of his best friend's coworkers.
All goes well at first, but then I finish my 3rd pint and first shot of Jack.
This is where it gets fun.
I grab another pint and start chatting with some of the girls.
Well, less chatting and more propositioning.
"I would fuck your brains out" is probably the most eloquent thing I said.
eventually one of the guys came up to me and told me that one of the girls I was speaking to was his fiancee.
I excuse myself, finish my pint, grab another one and another shot of Jack and go outside to have a cigarette with my friend.
He's talking with another girl who he apparently goes to church with.
And then this gem stumbles out of my mouth:
"Hi, I'm .
I think your religion is awesome.
I would fuck your brains out".
My friend and I left shortly afterward.
He was arguably as drunk as I was, so we kind of carried each other back to his house.
He dropped me twice.
So once we get back to his house, we get chewed out a bit by his dad, (who had explicitly stated before I left the States that we weren't to go and get so absolutely plastered).
We apologized as profusely as two drunk teenagers could, went out back for a smoke.
I puked on the back lawn.
Their dog never went near that spot for the rest of my stay.
I went inside, and hugged the toilet for 15 minutes or so.
Then went to bed.
In the morning, I woke up to a rather pervasive dampness.
I think I was still a little drunk too.
Anyway, it turns out that in my highly inebriated state, I pissed the bed.
I still have no idea why his folks didn't kick me out.
to say, due to this and one other incident, I'm terrified of ever going to again out of pure shame.
My friend and I Still talk, so that's all good.
But damn, if I wasn't an idiot.
Soo you just lit your balls up!
I honestly wouldn't be surprised.
Clean out the freezer, clean it well, and sprinkle it with baking soda, and leave for a couple hours.
Open windows.
:( Sorry about the chicken, Hope you had an excellent vacation.
Hustle?
You sound like a huge pain in the ass
Great story!
for a good minute at your very persuasive attempts to get laid.
And great writing; very fluid :)
Hahaha, oh man.
You really shit the bed on that one.
this isn't a fuck-up.
this is a shit show.
Atta boy.
man i fucking love reddit.
's for breakfast AND lunch?
How is that creepy?
You displayed boobs.
He's minding his own business and boobs appear.
Of course he watched.
He's the victim here!
Oh man that is the funniest thing I've read all day, you've cheered me up a little bit thanks!
Thank you so much for the tip going to go buy baking soda in a bit.
It was a good vacation thanks!
Sorry man, I have to take this down because it broke rule one.
Repost it, starting with TIFU
Runnn forest rruunnn
Glad to hear I'm not the only one.
I did DMT about a week ago and my friends think I had a seizure then too.
I have something called simple partial seizures when I'm sober so I'm pretty sure that means I'm more inclined to have seizures while tripping.
you must admit, Sears is a pretty shitty place to work.
no surprise here.
Are you exaggerating ?
That sounds like a bigger disaster than the core meltdown!
And how are you sure it was you ?
You were asleep.
And happened to the good'ol "he who smelt it dealt it" rule ?
How do you sign up for these?
I wanna test the penis enlargment spray ;) but no, seriously, how you sign up for medical testing?
Youre awesome!
stay away from me.
That's probably the only time they're gonna be that cool to you.
I'm always skeptical of stories that include 'chaos ensued' in the title.
I knew because I still have the same awful gas hours later.
I was also the only costomer in there.
It's only , after a long weekend-- we already have a winner for this week.
so hard I nearly peed my pants.
I thought it was pretty scatterbrained, tbqh.
thanks though.
Glad you enjoyed it.
the double post has been rectified.
just google the area yr in with "clinical research" in it too and hopefully something is round yr area
Yeah, on a serious note though, people like us should avoid getting plastered...
It turned me into a completely different person.
And I wasn't laughing at the beginning part, I'm sorry for all that occurred before the drunken part I was commenting on.
How did you sign up for 8 years?
I thought it was 4?
And what branch?
I'm so sorry that happened to you.
EDIT: I'm doing it.
It won't be that good, but hey it's better than nothing.
If only shittywatercolour would come here and make a nice little arrangement of flowers to put on the front.
EDIT: First draft of the outer card (
It got converted to jpg but that should be card size.
I'll upload a png once I finish the inside.
I think the inside is going to say "I promise it won't happen again." and then the op should sign "Please forgive me, "
I actually like it, so I didn't edit much on it.
Inside:
Man, you gotta mix it up.
for breakfast, Arbys for lunch.
DMT is pretty much a fucking seizure, lol...
I think anyone who takes a good dose of DMT is gonna end up a drooling puddle of twitch for about 10 minutes, part of the teritorry.
lol But yeah, sounds about right, psychedelics can make you more sensitive to the triggers if your already prone to seizures.
But it is risky, so be careful, make sure you have a sitter who knows what to do.
not sure if lucky or forgot I signed up for text porn
I support this.
, maybe slightly more subtle.
that is amazing
for dinner, taco bell for fourth meal.
This is too good to be true, absolutely hilarious...
Time to find yourself a new hairdresser.
I have you tagged as secret tits...
Coat your mouth in sugar and let it sit for a minute.
Rinse your mouth out and you'll feel loads better.
There's science behind why it works, I don't have that info, but it works.
That would be hilarious.
Please, please do this.
No, you sign up to do X amount of years on active duty.
It's called the Ready .
the whole Stop- crap?
Yeah, that's how they were able to do that.
That's why it's important to read what you sign.
I personally enlisted in the Army.
I didn't make it through Basic .
and there's no need to apologize.
It wasn't your fault.
Wendys Sweet Potato for a snack.
Oh dear!
Like a bottle of ?
Thanks for making me aware of this subreddit.
I...yes.
I don't understand.
Who throws up from smelling a fart- no matter how bad the fart is?
The only reason I can think of that someone might be that sensitive is if she's pregnant.
I am honored by my title
but the question is: can you really puke from a fart?!
I don't know if I believe this story, but I still laughed really hard.
You've still got time to complete the trifecta.
for !
Oh god, please.
well the situation is diffused now and im getting at a chick now so it wont be a dry season for long
Dunno if I should laugh or feel bad for you, but at least you were nice enough to clean...
appropriate GIF in there too, haha
I MUST KNOW WHY KIND SIR...why secret tits?
I'm sorry but that's funny...
you fucked up big time there.
Wow I can honestly say this is the face I was making before and during the reading of this TIFU.
IF nothing else deserves the tag 'For !' this does.
This is my favorite subreddit.
my hair was still wet, and I still need a haircut.
I don't know why but his made me laugh so hard.
At frist I was skeptical.
Then I realized I was on reddit.
one of us dined at the golden arches for two meals in the same day.
's dining room...
I can relate to this.
When I came back from Cross practice my inner thighs were sore, so I took the Icyhot and though I could apply it while I was taking a shower.
a drop fell on the family jewels..
and I literately cried.
Worst feeling ever, as if you rubbed your potato sack with sand paper and lit it on fire.
So cold, but yet so hot ...
This type of Reddit really sucks.
I have smelt some terrible farts but have never seen anyone vomit from them...
Mazing.
It seems like you can never go there again.
At least not when she's there.
Are we calling bullshit?
I call bullshit.
I mean, why would someone just go on the internet and tell lies?
Wow, I actually have a relevant story for this.
My friend once farted in her dog's face, who then walked about three steps away and then threw up.
I think suffering is a zero sum game.
When one suffers, others laugh and suffer less.
I felt proud of what I did when I posted this.
who was there called me a badass including one of the men I attacked.
I'm an asshole for what I did.
I feel nothing but shame for myself.
I really did fuck up and I didn't realize it until I began to think about what I did.
I almost had the shit kicked out of me by man with a metal bat.
I tried to kill myself and I almost ended up in jail.
I feel bad for even posting this.
I don't want to associate myself with the asshole I was that night but now I get to live with the consequences.
I'll leave this posted so that maybe someone will know the real dangers of alcohol and avoid doing what I did before it even starts.
Before i clicked i thought to myself 'please be a middle finger'
I was not disappointed
Have one Upvote
whose bed?
edit: whose not who's.
Yeah you dodged a bullet there.
I fucked up and got involved in that racket.
It's as close to a pyramid scheme as possible while still remaining legal.
I got to see the management training material once while i worked for vector.
The rule of thumb is if they don't offend your sense of sight or smell, hire them.
The office manager makes money of each 'demo kit' they sell.
that's right you have to buy knives to sell knives...
whoa dude, your fart made somebody puke?
impressive.
most impressive.
Atta girl.
I'm kinda bummed about that part.
it was automatic oops...
I need to learn how to utilize PS better.
I would fart on someone just to give them this card.
who doesn't want to get TROLLED.
trolololololololololo to me.
You know I'm bed, I'm bed,
You know it, you know
And the whole world has to answer right now
just to tell you once again, I'm bed
This demands a picture.
Ctrl Z?
Whoa whoa whoa, wait.
Wendy's has sweet potatoes now?
When did this happen?
I had a friend who would gag at the hint of someone else farting.
Oh the fun I had when I would lock the windows in the car, point that fact out to him, and let him know i had ripped one.
He would start gagging in anticipation of the smell.
It was fucking hilarious!
Even better when I did actually fart, though.
Sorry this is late...
but I did this as well...
While making a urine sample for the doctor.
The snap-back actually made me spill the cup filled with urine and piss all over the place.
They were not pleased when I came out without a cup filled with piss as it was for a drug test.
Just thought I 'd share.
Your friend sounds like a pretty messed up bitch.
Dammit, now I'm going to want to try this...
like this happened to me about 4 days ago.
Except I didn't throw any punches.
I was so drunk I let 3 different people each take a swing at my face for free.
I'm still trying to figure out why the hell I would allow such a thing.
to say, I will be the one throwing punches next time.
At least near me.
Not sure if it's nation wide, but they've added it recently.
Sweet potato with cinnamon sugar butter, chilli cheese fries, and something else crazy too.
, she is.
I should probably mention she's not my friend anymore.
+ Alt + Z will become your best friend in photoshop soon enough.
Wow...I've eaten 's for all 3 meals never had a reaction like this.
My GI tract must be made out of unobtainium or something.
I did this exact same thing, I hit send and was like "...well shit."
It was bad but I think she just had a really weak stomach.
I would have just left it there
The wilting flowers are really what makes this.
You are a gentleman and a scholar and a sir.
I sure hope so.
I don't think they have an , so I posted it here.
when i was drunk, i prank called a girl and told her i was a doctor and she may have tested positive for a mild herpes infection.
by sheer horrible coincidence, she actually went to a doctor the week before to get checked and took the call very seriously.
not a fun day.
You can go back as much as 20 (default I think, the number can be changed) steps under the window.
That is, if you haven't closed it...
two girls one fart.
I was backing you up...
Do people think the word "ass" looks weird?
I'm and I can't over how awkward the word "arse" looks.
I read it I picture a seal in my head going "arrs-arrs-arrs." But I might just be kind of insane.
If you don't know well enough to either undo or click the last step in the history window, you probably shouldn't be using .
Or a computer.
I'm assuming you saved over it with the picture-less...
picture.
I know that feeling all too well.
It sucks so bad.
I'm working on redesigning my website, and just last night I went to open my index.psd, and it's a crop of an icon...
FML!
Dear god this.
What kind of photoshop class doesn't teach edit undo?
Im a random dude who messes around in GIMP from time to time and even I know control Z...
I have made job that were worst, but yea, I admit that I will never work again there...
I remember founding a stain of dry periods in a pair of pants...And other stuff, but don't want to disgust everyone : )
Save yourself some agony and just stick pins in there
Oh c'mon, no one's farts are that bad
I once mixed some icyhot into to my roommate's lotion, the lotion that I knew he used for jerking off
In that case as long as she still has the bottle, what's the big deal?
Like maddrmatt said, old grouse isn't anything to get excited about
The cost of a big mac is too damn high!
[The experience must have been similar to this](
for breakfast
Arbys for lunch
for dinner
Taco Bell for fourth meal
because Tucker Max forever ruined that phrase for us all.
I forgot to mention that it asked me if I wanted to save and I said no out of habit of deleting a layer that I past+cut+deleted, so I couldn't undo it.
sucks, I wish I could've just Ctrl+Z'd it.
That's what I did-I remember it asking me if I wanted to save and I said no.
I'm not a moron, I tried that.
Didn't work.
I managed to close the entire thing while remained open.
I think that might've been what I did.
I did, I couldn't get it back.
Best of luck on the website mate!
I have fallen asleep at the hairdresser twice before.
I used to get streaks in my hair and they would put me under a blower thing for like half an hour after.
The hairdresser had to shake me to get me to wake up.
When I awoke everyone was staring at me
Haha thanks.
Who the fuck falls asleep while getting a haircut?
how is the six feet measured?
is it six feet from the top of the box, middle or bottom?
Let me be the first to say you're a fucking moron.
, that's all that can be said about what you did.
Part of growing up is being able to control yourself, even when you've been drinking.
You weren't blacked out, so you should have been able to not make a complete asshole out of yourself.
The reason the cop acted the way he did is because you were probably bitching and moaning like a 12 year old girl.
Had you handled the situation like a mature adult, you would've sat in the drunk tank overnight and walked away with nothing.
Very effect tl;dr, I actually had to go back and read the whole thing.
I can't say I really belive the puking happened, so therefore maybe none of it happened.
, I laughed out loud for the whole story, so well done.
No, it doesn't.
LP is a nightmare.
Just because I reply doesn't mean I give a fuck...
It just means I don't want to leave people hanging.
Now go back to your cave troll.
I smell a new diet.
Alt--Z
one step
Yes they are.
, you can't believe how much fun I had trying to sneak the sticky metal strips that make the alarms go off onto LP people at our store.
They'd freak out, have to figure out what it is, and if the head of LP was around usually have to go through a few dozen hoops to prove they haven't stolen anything...
Its better then not cleaning it at all.
HE TRIED
They ran our register id's when my manager did end day to make sure all items were accounted for.
They didn't think that much product could be stolen without assistance from employees.
I've been telling people this for 20 years: Save often.
If you save every 10 minutes, you can only lose 10 minutes of work.
When you do something destructive and can't undo, just revert to the saved version.
Disk space is cheap!
Also don't trust a single hard drive for all your work, backup in the cloud, USB, etc.
crash, hard drives fail, people make mistakes.
Back your shit up.
Save often.
don't fly in the professional world.
Wait, why the heck did you go out into public with it still embedded in your colon?
It seems logical to remove it before leaving the privacy of your quarters.
It sucks too especially since it's not easy to find somewhere you like to get your hair cut.
Maybe you can still go to her after a while...a long while and then give her a HUGE tip .
It might ease you into going there again.
In the meantime...
maybe try somewhere else.
Where no one knows your shame.
Wow I guess I just got so used to seeing that that I never questioned what it was, it even looks like a tag, that's embarrassing .
You've got waaay more problems than a little property charge.
Go to rehab, get a shrink.
Hail to the mud miner, mud miner man.
Damn that's deep.
that'll learn em'!
But remember friend control yourself they are trying to get a rise out of you don't give em' the satisfaction.
I smell new organs.
lol thats so funny.
plan on going back ever?
I snorted
OP is in a shitty situation, he can't go back there if she's there, just way too awkward.
She's been his hairdresser for 2 years, so it stinks that he'll probably have to avoid her.
he liked that place, would suck to go to a new place and find it's crap.
But I'm SURE this card would help.
Hand it in, straight faced, and I think it'd go down great.
Hope he uses it!
And I expect a followup post.
I should not be finding such an uneventful story so funny.
I would have quit right then and there.
I don't know why I opened that picture.
God helped me, I looked at the picture.
shitty situation
I smell what you did there.
Aww quit worrying about bodily functions.
Seems to me that being "bummed out" is what got you into this mess in the first place.
you tap that?
My hair was still wet, and I still need a haircut.
You might want to pop down to the doctor if its been a few days without a poop even with laxatives.
Doctor!
What if your Prof is a ?
and she read this, and now she knows for sure that you were fapping?
by any chance does she look like the "actress" in the, might I say, VERY hardcore film?
If so you may be in.
Jus sayin.
I want to ask, because I just pooped out 2 pounds of spicy dinner, how was your anus?
I ate an entire moldy donut while extremely drunk.
I called poison control freaking out, but they told me it was probably penicillin and if I wasn't allergic to penicillin, I'd be fine.
You seriously need to see the doctor
UNOBTAINIUM!!!
never again period.
That shit is disgusting.
The only time I've ever gotten food poisoning was from an Arby's beef and cheddar.
Not fun, but man did I fux with them before that happened.
if it's an image link...i'm going to click it.
dear god i always click it.
Oh shit I misread that as "almost got caught during sexy time WITH my gf's sisters"
Which probably would have been a better story.
Dude you should've just picked it up!
Now this reddit post will go on your PERMANENT RECORD.
Barf-O-Rama
actually, the world of drugs has been a valuable opportunity of self-discovery and novelty for myself.
i've made mistakes involving drugs, and have gotten a lot of experience, first-hand knowledge, and fun through my conscious decision to look into drugs.
in fact, through tripping, my entire understanding of my body, sensations, mind, and life all expanded.
i can look back on what i've done, both highs and lows (no pun intended) and can say truthfully that i'm happy with my drug experiences.
with that being said the op's story is definitely important to consider and is part of the dark side of drugs.
and also, fwiw, i've stuck to softer drugs like weed, and psychedelics.
stuff like cocaine and alcohol aren't appealing.
Alt control z - back one
Shift control z - forward one
You can also increase the number of times you can go back in preferences
I smell a putrid fart.
I smell fried eggs because I'm having a stroke.
Or very made up.
Sounds like highschool...
don't worry, nothing matters, but your gpa.
I wouldn't waste time mentoring people anyways.
It just looks good on my CV.
The only real reason I bothered with mentoring.
I only two years left of being in highschool now anyways, I'm sure something as minor as this will blow over.
Check with a medical professional
you're asking for that gif aren't you.
well, I'm not giving it to you.
It's like saying don't push the red button...you HAVE to push the red button.
I mistyped that!
It hurt for 3 hours, I didn't leave it on for that long.
within the last month afaik
I opened a TIFU picture link.
"I'm not paid enough for this shit!"
You need a doctor.
Where is the link to that?
don't see a doctor
take more paraffin
I think it might have been better if you took milk of magnesia and lots of water.
DOCTOR, GO.
Did someone puke at the sight of it?
This TL;DR really got to the point I think every guy can relate too, this has happened to me so many times, im glad someone else can share this sad experience with me.
Women can do that through their jeans if they want, any time of the day.
no mess at all.
Kinda unfair for men.
ctrl + alt + z?
I wanna upvote this a thousand times over.
And have a medical expert second this.
As a doctor, I agree with this plan.
am i the only one who has no clue what the fuck this dude is on about?
Oh man, that is much worse.
Now I feel a little better :)
In highschool we have a thing called motoring, I got chosen for it but lost the entitlement because I was effectively not conforming to rules.
For whatever reason I was reading this in a dude's voice.
Did a double take when I got to the panties part.
I couldn't bring myself to click the picture, but I hope your GI tract gets sorted out soon.
Hug
professional here, see a doctor.
As a brave man, I clicked the picture.
It's nothing more than some yellow bubbles in a toilet.
Kind of looks like oil in water.
So it's not normal that I only shit once in a fortnight?
So you're like a white guy, right?
Asks blackjesus.
Oh my, it's just like taking Alli without restricting lipid intake, except with Alli, it's orange, instead of yellow.
I hope you get this all sorted out soon!
The following link contains NSFL text...
Next time, try Bengay.
amazing, but a bit of a stretch to fit lyrically.
might I suggest:
Yar har, fiddle di dee,
Thing are alight and are scary to me
douse it with rum, it was all I could see,
you are a pirate :D
but really - great job, I lol'd most heartily
You're already talking yourself into drinking again.
There's a saying about alcoholism: "You take the first drink.
The second drink takes itself."
Not in small quantities, not two beers, not one shot, not only when there are girls, not to get laid, not to avoid peer pressure, not because it's your birthday, NOT AT ALL.
You are lucky to be alive.
A severe family history of alcoholism is not something to play around with and test your limits.
You checked once to see if you're susceptible like your family members, and you found out that you are.
Do not drink again.
I'm a 20-something teetotaler and it has had zero negative effects on my social life.
My dear friend who is like a brother to me is the same way.
The guy I'm dating is the same way.
You can live without drinking, in the figurative "you" sense that means everyone can, but YOU, as in yes, you, , cannot live with drinking.
You damn near died the first time.
For some reason, I always assume these poop stories are told by dudes
Added another level of Woah..
On opiates, it is!
Thanks, RES for automatically expanding that image.
I clicked the link, thinking it was just a case of the screaming liquid shits, but no, you should probably see a doctor.
I honestly can't empathise, I could stop and walk away, no sweat.
not that I've ever needed that skill...
what a waste of delicious sammich :(
Bad news bears, yo
Bad news bears, yo.
I am much more on top of my car's maintenance schedule now!
Plus I realised I spelt wrong in the title and I forgot how to change the name of the title.
I'm surprised, didn't know they were discontinued.
I love it.
If the gas mileage we're a bit better and it had a little more power, I'd say it was the perfect car for me.
I am a musician so it helps to have a car which storage space that is modular.
It's also really roomy and the EX model comes with a great speaker system and aux jack.
The turning radius is spectacular.
The guys on Car Talk (NPR program) sing the 's praises.
That said, be aware it's only a four seater.
I would also look into a Fit.
BTW, the good latch was my fault.
Rear ended someone and never got it fixed, the latch was shaky after that.
I ate about 10 minutes ago, and I don't know why I clicked it.
I never feel sick after looking at gross pictures.
Now I feel like I am going to puke.
Dear god why?!?
Don't wait to long to go the doctor.
Other wise you'll be getting fingers up your ass, and people watching it happen.
All while they try to break it apart.
Now what's your opinion as the batman
Don't click it, dear god don't.
I still feel sick.
At first, I thought it was soup.
Hmm...
's chicken soup.
Take 2 hours of and call me in the morning.
( automatically opened the picture.
If you have a blister on your dick, you're fapping wrong son.
You would rather have something that literally melts your hair away than a razor near your balls?!
You know what?
turn this into a WIN.
You guys hooked up recently, and she called you already for a booty call?
Must have been a good hook up.
She's probably fretting about the fact that you turned her down-- keep cool and keep in touch, and I guarantee you haven't lost the chance to get back in there.
Be confident-- you obviously rocked her world.
You did not fuck up!
Her body probably heated up the parrafin to a liquid temperature and there it is
I am currently eating a Pot Noodle, the two look incredibly similar!
I concur with this sage advice.
Though OP didn't say what gender the person they hooked up with was, so it is just as likely not a lady.
I am a lady so take that as you will, OP.
Well when you put it that way...
But i would Nair myself again before putting a razor anywhere near my balls.
So I don't use .
I would assume there would be a temporary file saved somewhere.
might delete temporary files when It closes, and will almost always delete temporary files on a reboot.
But hey!
At least you didn't delete (
Try metamucil.
It's not so much a laxative as it is a bunch of fiber that just cleans everything out, feels great and doesn't make your butt leak.
Not the way my uncle taught taught me how to fap.
is a sign of success
Say "I can't, I'm tied up this week" and give her a call when your member heals.
I've FAP'd a blister before.
They can take awhile to heal.
Use lube next time.
Ok, I haven't laughed this hard in a while...
I think knowing it came out of a female made it worse.
Girls don't poop.
Haha, thank you for that :)
I just saw this.
You are my new favorite person.
Wow, reading this is the first thing that has stopped me repeatedly saying "For Fs Sake!" over an over in my head!
Holy shit dude.
this: binge drinking is considered drinking more than 5 legal standard drinks within 2 hours.
(with 5 also being the binge drinking limit for a day, and 14 drinks total for a week).
For the average male, 2 drinks a day is called 'moderate drinking.' Of course anyone can expect that when going out with buddies to drink, there will be a bit more.
There are 30ml in 1 oz, and 1.5 oz of 40% alcohol is considered a standard drink (so 45ml is one drink of 40% alcohol).
300 ml (the quantity you drank) divided by 45ml (the size of a standard legal drink), is 6.6667...
You had like 12-13 drinks, if not more, in one night.
Please be careful from now on and pace yourself, set limits.
It's not like you "can't handle alcohol"-- you can handle it as well as any mortal on earth can.
alcohol has nothing to do with will or perseverance, it has to do with how much your BAC raises per drink.
You seem to talk about it like it has something to do with your personality or mettle...
you could have poisoned yourself.
You can drink more than 2 beers in a night.
But don't drink 6 beers and then drink a lot of vodka, and don't drink with people who will encourage you to drink more than your limit.
Fuck, I want to throttle you for your reckless stupidity, you probably did hurt yourself, and could have really hurt others way more.
Be careful.
It was a lady, sorry for my vagueness.
Keep drinking.
You are on your way to
It's a very tight-knit community though.
So don't fret.
Across the cafeteria sitting at a table all alone was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen wearing a green Oregon sweatshirt studying an anthropology text book
well, that narrows it down a bit.
How many of those do you see every day?
With me it wasn't that I was rubbing too hard, it was more like a burn from rubbing in the same spot, like a sissy burn(if you know what that is).
The skin finally just had enough.
I started using lube and became an ambidextrous FAPper, so as to periodically change the location of the rubbing.
No problems since!
I agree, I was in a sort of semi drunk/ sobering up, half asleep state going at it for quite some time, so obviously I've fucked up.
Note to self: do not fap when drunk in future.
Sissy does sound about right.
WORK THROUGH THE PAIN CHAPS.
Penis pain is no joke.
Please, please, please PLEASE print that off and hand it to her while she's at work.
Worst case scenario you go in and ask for her and it turns out she quit due to "personal stress associated with work"
Or maybe she just stopped showing up one day and you'll hear about her on the news.
me of the mouthwash commercials.
"The burn means it's working!"
I kept going and it eventually ripped right through the skin
That's what I've been talking about.
I should explain.
A sissy burn is a competition thing kids do.
You take an eraser and rub it on the same spot on your arm and the first one to stop is a sissy.
multiple layers of skin would be gone, you'd have a yellowish, wet sore with bits of blood and eraser in it.
Takes awhile to heal those.
Your uncle should not have taught you how to fap.
The best thing about stories like this: Next time you get peer pressured to drink, you talk about the time you fought the cops and the pressure will drop.
That said, suicide Isn't cool and neither Is violence.
Drink responsibly mmmkay.
My hardcore days are about a decade behind me now, so I don't have these issues anymore.
I've never got blisters or sores from love-making, thank god.
Well, except for that one time...
There's always "that one time..."
hhmm, well.
Maybe you have a chance if you explain yourself and let her know how much of an idiot you are.
Maybe.
Don't give up hope yet.
Your username is dickblister.
ppffchh...
I'm sorry, but that's funny!
It could have been much worse, it's kinda her fault for reacting so intensely over a mistake anyone could'v made.
She probably wasn't that nice a person.
You shuld fine those cops and give them the biggest hug of your life!
then how would I have learned?
noted
But what about second breakfast?
, you're not the first person to give me the same advice.
After the episode I sat in a cafe eating brunch, holding my head in my hands and being very annoyed with myself.
Two of my friends came and joined me.
Once they were done laughing at my stupidity, one of them, who I'm very close to, told me what you just did.
I mean, it was a first date, we had a kiss and went our separate ways, it's not like we were in any way committed.
But we both knew it was a big deal.
So I think that's what I'll do.
Never had to do anything like this before.
And even if I pull it out of the fire with her, which is unlikely, I've still upset the other girl, who's going to feel like a piece of meat.
Not proud of myself at all.
I myself learned from my brother.
This guys' right.
If she's "amazing" as you claim, then she deserves an explanation.
I can not stress that enough, you need to be completely honest.
Smart, awesome girls like that find it extremely insulting if you lie to them, it's as if you're questioning her intelligence.
So tell her what happened, it's better then having her find out first.
EDIT: Same thing happened to me, sort of, and I tried hiding the truth.
She ended up finding out, and told me she was only upset that I thought she wasn't "smart" enough to find out.
And she split.
Don't lie.
it was kind of funny at the time too, kindo of...
Trust me, she was gorgeous.
Just FYI, most of those laxatives should have a warning that says if you don't have a BM in X amount of hour, you should see a doctor.
You might have a bigger obstruction or something more serious going on, and if you put any more strain on it you could rupture.
And intestines rupturing into your abdominal cavity is a really antibiotic intensive stay in the hospital.
At least you realize your mistake.
Tell her that, you've never done anything like that before, and never will again ever right?
If she rejects you, you'll get over it.
As for the other girl, I don't really know, go with you've got.
I wish you the best of luck, if she really is an angel, she'll forgive you.
...Why can't you explain it to them?
I was fooling around with somebody once, and later he had to SHOW me on webcam how terribly swollen his dick got.
It was seriously in some hugeass red condition like he got a friction burn.
He ended up fapping with it like that anyway later that night and said it was worth it.
The whole thing felt like some sort of compliment.
True.
I'v done plenty stupid things like this before.
After a while they just become another funny story to tell.
Like for instance, I was on an overnight field trip with my band in school.
It was awful and embarrassing and I wanted to die from shame over the next week.
but now it's funny.
now we have proof
His dad
we took my grandmothers 92 year old sister.
i was out in the hall at the ER listening to her scream
As the Batman, I'm Batman.
I've done the same thing!
I was working at a and my (
I thought I had finally gotten a day off then called her store to check the schedule.
No one answered, so I assumed they were busy.
Jump-cut to me getting a text message about the totals for the day.
I was fired shortly thereafter.
Wait, there's a red button?
I want to press it!
Aww man, they got so lucky.
So did I.
gave me an 80/80.
W00t!
What does that do?
Good luck, buddy.
That's really funny now!
not so much then.
Good advice.
Wish you all the best and update us.
Would be nice to see a TIFU turn into a Things went better than expected.
Oh course it wasn't funny then!
But hell, it's not like I can change time!
All I can do is laugh at it.
You should update us on what happens.
Yep, me too
This should be in
Man at least u could get it up...
that's half the battle
I couldn't figure out where to put it.
It's hell getting old lol
fuck froggies.
..lubrication.
ALWAYS use lubrication.
i'm going to go against the popular notion here...
you had one date, which is hardly any level of commitment.
do you know if she's seeing anyone else?
it was a mistake, and that's all it was.
she doesn't need to know about it...
you didn't cheat on her, you cheated yourself.
, it is more likely to be a woman though, right?
Might be a little late, OP, but ( :) I even gave you some cookies :D Enjoy!
If this is true, you might want to see a gastroenterologist.
does weird things to a woman.
Your chances just may have increased.
But this is a males perspective, if a female would care to revise this statement I am willing to listen
Has practically every redditor shit themselves inconveniently at some point in time?
Also, at least you cleaned it up.
Do you eat normally?
If yes, then you've probably got some major problems.
Demon.
Go to hell
All girls are different, but let me simply put the two main things a girl would do: Throw a , or seek out to destroy this other mystery devil girl.
I can't even imagine the terrible things you've seen...
and lunch?!?!
I can't believe you forgot brunch!
Being drunk sounds fun.
As long as you have some sober friends with you.
Eh?
I eat pretty normally and I even only eat dark bread.
I do have problems with getting enough iron though so my hemoglobin is often quite low, not sure if related.
My feces are of normal colour and consistency.
sounds like my love life lol.
Sorry that happened to you man.
You did learn a lesson though: attractive women are the biggest bitches you will ever meet.
move the fuck out, your home sounds like a prison camp
I cringed while reading this, this has never happened to me, I can only imagine how embarrassing that was.
They were just wrestling.
Yea, I mean I've smelt some pretty audacious farts, but I've never come close to puking, nor have I heard of that happening, until now, that is.
Must have been a pretty epic fart.
Your gf's family sounds chill
Bluffs are dangerous, you could've fallen off, they were right to tell you to get down...
back the worse part was having to walk across campus with the front of my pants soaked.
Looked like I pissed myself .
At least everyone in the cafeteria knew why my pants were wet lol
Just part of growing up and learning lessons the hard way I guess.
Always look when stirring your coffee.
because a teacher of mine recently played this song for us in class, making this infinitely funnier.
Can keep undoing not just one time.
Great 14/10 Would read again
I got into a heated argument with a guy on eBay about 10 months ago, I told him "I hope you die in a fire, asshole".
Turns out he was an active-duty firefighter.
I felt terrible.
What kind of pizza did you get?
It's glorious.
My friend, this is the most horrible part of the story.
of this commotion, I was unable to dine such as the gods.
We received no pizza.
HOLY SHNIKEYS.
What exactly is icing?
Drugs of some form or..?
Oh maaan.
You poor soul.
I was talking to this girl, and she said that the next time we met, she was going to give me a blowjob.
We were planning on hanging that night, so I politely trimmed my junk, and managed to clip my shaft...bad.
this to her, and she still gave me head, just a bit more gently than she would have.
Your enthusiasm sends warm fuzzy shivers through my body and mind.
Thank you sire.
at the time?
So you didn't actually fuck up today?
Dame.
Been there.
My apologies Madame.
I've been dating my girlfriend for 4 years and we are still doing crazy stuff.
Keep it up bro.
Why thank you, kind sir.
So I'm guessing by the user name that you're a metal head, yeah?
Little bit.
For every phone call I did not receive, this will now be the reasoning behind it :P
then you should like this
Your parents are assholes, that's all.
Take this as a cue to save money, become financially independent, and tell your parents that they are no longer in charge of your life.
I don't hate it...
I prefer old heavy metal and hard core personally.
Now I am going to fry the fuck out of some rice.
I'll just leave that here.
Ah,I understand you slightly more now.
Old school metal.
I dig all music.
Anyhow my friend fry fuck that frying rice.
May the butter be your ever guiding light.
Butter?
You spelt garlic wrong (:
This is terrific.
Sorry for laughing but that was absolutely the most perfect faux pas ever at the absolute worst moment.
Also, I think I know that cafeteria you're chatting about.
It's right next to the park where the Market goes on right?
is not for everyone.
A little self-control goes a long way.
I love beer and wine, and I have never been drunk.
It's all about moderation.
That said, in the case of someone who struggles with moderation, abstaining may be the best option.
And this certainly seems like such a case.
You should laugh, I am even though it was 30+ years ago.
Same cafeteria in the basement of the Smith Center.
Don't feel bad, I did the same thing once.
Bright flash of light, then the magic blue smoke escaped.
For some reason I, too, was able to plug the power cable in upside-down.
I don't go to PSU, but I know people that did and I've been around that campus.
Good stuff.
Well you're a mean drunk.
Go find another substance to abuse as the world is filled with asshole mean drunks already.
I wasn't so lucky.
I was tazed by the cops once.
Hurts like a bitch, even when you're drunk.
"Icing A Bro"
You trick a bro into touching a Ice.
Said bro must get down on one knee.
The aforementioned bro must drink the entire bottle, or risk some sort of punishment from the other bros.
Whaaat?
I thought the real bros only drank beer.
Or I wish they did.
It's because bros are supposed to hate Ice, so its more of a prank than anything, forcing someone to drink shitty alcohol.
yeah they are pretty chill..
slightly older sister was like yeah its cool ive been caught by my dad like 3 times..
Eh, I was figuring that the population's roughly 50% female/50% male, so either would have been just as likely.
That's not how statistics work.
If I have a bag with red and blue colored pieces of paper in it and there are 18 blue pieces and 1 red piece.
There is not a 50% chance to get a red piece out of it because there are these two colors.
It's a 1 out of 19 chance, so 1/19 = 0.05 = 5% Chance.
Same with OP, except here we have straight (blue-colored), gay (red-colored) and some more sexualities and they are not evenly distributed.
This is exactly what I thought...
this, seriously.
If you own the car, pack all your shit in it and dip out.
If you're 18, you don't have to subject yourself to this kind of shit.
If I had known that, I'd be the equivalent of by now.
Not if you have a foreskin.
Though OP obviously didn't.
, ladies and gentlemen.
Also pain.
Keep the corners of the hood that are bent upwards like they are.
It will make your car go faster.
Who needs to "learn" how to fap??
But there is a much higher percentage of men on Reddit.
Where were your friends when you left?
If they just let you go off and do this then maybe you need better friends.
Tell her the truth, but don't expect to have any chance with the first woman.
And learn some damn willpower.
I lost a nice keyboard to a big glass of liquid once.
I bumped it and over reacted in trying to catch it, dumping it all the other way.
Like a full quart.
Good bye old school G15, you served me well for many years.
Don't spread it.
It need not be mentioned in any form during any and all functions.
Just don't.
your mother
That's so fartist of you.
Garlic makes my face hurt.
You were wearing cargo shorts?
How in the hell did you manage that??!
People who don't know?
Women and meat metaphors.
Make sure you don't bring up any poetic improvisations on your next encounter.
These TIFU's are starting to sound more and more boastful
Oh wow you have my sympathies, keep your head up!
Only one way to find out ;)
Lets go fuck his shit up
.jpg
Pai-Mei taught her the five-point gut-exploding fart technique?
Holy shit...she's lethal
If all else fails, use all the money from the extra job to buy a monster bag.
Didn't you make any commit at all during those 3 weeks?
I had the same problem once.
Then I got out of high school and stopped dwelling on girls who can't tell the difference between "dating" and "committed".
The only way this could possibly be a fuck-up is if you end up with herpes.
If that happens, I'll upvote the shit of this.
Not any more, anyway.
He's in music school.
Having "juries" myself for four years, he gets an entire semester to work on these pieces.
He really did fuck up.
That being said, just practice more next semester.
It's a simple fix.
At least you weren't kicked out, at my school they would've sent me out the door.
there isn't really a right or wrong with music
What does this even mean?
That you can't play a wrong note?
Do you know what you're talking about?
Buddy I don't think you fucked up, I think you got assaulted
lost it
I was about to say: "what about OP's gender!
You can't assume his gender!
He tore his dick open, but he may be a chick!"
's have basements???
OP isnt even in a relationship with this angel yet, for all he knows, she's dating other guys.
They havent even had a relationship conversation yet and where the boundaries are.
As for the other girl, OP has to settle that himself.
this one did.
they used it as a storeroom.
also, the closet where they kept all the employee uniforms, as well as their laundry machines, were down there.
to this girl at a bar, basically shit faced.
Her friend comes over with a pitcher of some green drink and it is her 21st birthday.
We are all talking for awhile and the birthday girl is just texting and being a buzz kill.
She keeps texting and has a flip phone so it has to be open to text.
has done this before, but awesome me decides to hit her phone closed to ruin her text.
As i do this she drops the phone in her drink.
I see the phone light up inside the drink and proceed to leave the bar immediately with no apology.
music can sound good whether or not it's exactly what the instructor wanted
He is in music school; he is being trained to play the classics in the performance practice of the time.
wrong notes or jumbling together voices not only sounds bad but is also not the point of these examinations.
Sorry man, I have to remove this.
Post again and start it with TIFU
Sorry man I have to remove this.
Please post again, starting it with TIFU
noted.
Pain and sexual pleasure at the same time!
That sounds really cool!
I have to try that.
If I fancied a guy enough to booty call him, I'd be really flattered and probably quite turned on that he wanked himself sore because of me.
This would have probably resulted in fun time for all.
...Lots of unfortunate women in their 20s and 30s, actually.
If you got dick blisters I feel bad for you son.
I got 99 problems but my dick ain't one.
I remember when my mom bluffed me into handing over some weed.
She sat me down and said she had searched my room, and was going to give me the opportunity to come clean and mitigate the trouble IF I had anything.
She said I am glad you're honest, I didn't search your room.
I was pretty upset at myself for falling for it...
Female weighing in here...
If I were the Wagyu Steak and found out about the Burger...I wouldn't give a shit about the Burger.
I'd just find a better person to appreciate my steak-ness.
And I wouldn't "throw a tantrum" - obviously the person's not worth losing that much of my shit over.
I just did a groin-wince.
I always make a dummy branch when exploring new things, just in case I get curious one day and fuck up, and I always inevitably do fuck up
Can she really blame you for doing that?
I'm sure it was easy to distinguish that what you did was an accident.
Does that deserve a "You fucking asshole"?
Maybe it was a good thing you did that because it showed how quick she is to point fingers.
Oh, and I think it's time to invest in a new coffee cup.
Is that...
matt damon?
How do you even have enough juice to fill dozenS (24+) of condoms!?
Your girlfriend must be...
I don't even know any more.
It's pretty funny now looking back on it.
Guess it was pretty funny then come to think of it but it was brutal walking across campus with the big wet horseshoe on the front of my pants.
I guess you can say it was worth it.
We all know that chubbies need a little sexual harassment in their lives.
I would say this was a great experience.
This probably prevented you from making the decision to maybe date, then being a relationship see the true side of her.
to me and when you fall for her and then you see what she is like.
Its harder to end things.
I would be happy about this.
Well the thing is, my friends had no idea anything was happening between myself and girl number one, so nobody blinked when the encounter with girl number two happened.
Laughs were had at my expense, but that's fair enough.
And yeah.
It's weird, because normally I'm impervious to women and rebuff them at every turn.
And then when a truly amazing one turns up, I go and do this.
It's massively out of character.
Wow your parents suck.
Dodged a bullet on this one.
That kind of over exaggeration to a simple accident just screams, "Hey guys, I may be good looking...but I'm bat shit crazy!".
I was so awkward in high school and college around women.
I've always been a bit of a worrier, so conversations was always a challenge.
I'm a pretty witty person, but nerves cancel out any advantage that gives me.
It usually leaves me with my foot in my mouth.
I can't think of half of the dumb ass comments I've made to women trying to sound "cool".
The plus side of your encounter...maybe you at least stained those white shorts for her embarrassing you so publicly.
Let's face it, spills happen.
Rash overreaction, on the other hand, wasn't necessary.
I'm by no means a violent guy but one time I went to the pub and socked a guy In the jaw for no real reason.
His tooth cut his lip.
Next week I went back to the pub apologised to the guy and we talked about literature.
He's a rad man.
time my friend called me a stoner so I said "I'm going to punch you In the face."
He replied with "You wouldn't."
So I clocked him square between the eyes.
Made his nose bleed and felt bad.
We had quality laughs afterwards.
I see nothing to brag about here.
I'm ashamed of myself and I've hurt two other people by being an idiot.
Or are you just implying that I'm trumpeting my studliness?
I'm not out to impress anybody.
I'm using a throwaway to tell you all a salutary tale, so that you can laugh at my stupidity, commiserate, or learn from it, as you see fit.
This should probably be on :-)
I'm long out of high school.
we're not committed.
The fuck-up is that I may well have blown it with the most remarkable woman I've met in a very long time, and that I've hurt both girls in the process.
Was this just a random assault and what happened to these fuckers?
, hope you really like all kinds of music!
Check out this song:
If you like it, do not be afraid to ask more!
from the cuffs and texting ...
The plausibility of this story has narrowed down from slim to nothing
The comments below this telling the OP to talk to the girl are TERRIBLE advice.
OP - you got nothing to worry about re: your angel.
, you have to probably apologize or do something about the girl you banged.
, the other girl?
If it's only been one date, this isn't something she needs to know.
As the guy above me notes - she might be banging other dudes right now too.
Don't ever tell the hot one about this.
It never happened.
Avoid the ugly one like the plague she is.
If the ugly one thinks you two are now "together", don't let her down easy this will only lead to problems.
Drop the ban hammer and move on to the beauty.
So if you were gay and got your eyebrows done, you wouldn't be a man?
How to save face: shave it all off, tell people you burnt them.
never talked about not being a man, just that my eyebrows are gone and it looks kinda weird :P
No self-respecting barber would ever do eyebrows or be in a style competition for that matter.
It was over 30 years ago but it's still funny.
Maybe she ended up fat and ugly.
I don't qualify.
:/ I do them anyway but I never qualify because I'm technically under my dad's income.
I just got an AA from a community college.
guess we now know where the fuck up took it's origins
I spent far too long admiring that title.
Your title is that you "fucked up as a man" by getting your eyebrows done and your post refers to you being straight.
that you think getting your eyebrows done should only be for gay people, who by association aren't real men.
He added you because you're a female trying to be his friend on FB.
I wouldn't worry too much.
wait the title is so misleading?
Ah, I understand now...
I took it to mean that you'd fucked up as a man by getting your eyebrows done, not that you fucked up getting your eyebrows done, and you're also a guy.
dude get in good with her friends and you'll get in good with her!
I've read the title, the post and now all of the responses, and I still have absolutely zero idea what actually happened in this story.
sounds like a fun night on the rage juice
The subway is UNDER the street, not on top!
But we were unsure as to the OP's sexual preference when I wrote my comment.
my bad, but i think it works either way...
I have just been told.
He basically hit "undo" on all of the work he has done for the last three weeks.
It's, for the most part, irreversible.
Haha all the comments so far are basically "That chick was a bitch".
says that she is being a bitch or crazy, but maybe she was having a bad day, maybe she gets bothered by people all the time.
What ever, if some random person spilled coffee on my stuff, I wouldn't be all "Oh that's fine.
You're so clumsy.
Ha ha ha." I would probably call that person an idiot.
't your insurance pay for that?
Or the restaurant insurance?
He didn't actually say it to my face until after the manager verified it, then apologized for not believing me (it had never happened to him before).
I was very young and maybe not dressed like someone who enjoyed fine wine.
It was a nice place in a dodgy part of town, so...
we were a large party, certainly didn't affect his tip; they were very apologetic.
When eye browse this subreddit, I always leave amused.
No committing for three weeks?!
Jesus christ.
I get nervous when I don't commit for a half hour.
Yes, I was a server before, and own a bar now.
But I think I ordered that buy the glass, so they didn't really perform the whole ritual.
edit: spelled ritual with an errant "t"
I'm so sorry, were you hurt??
Your friends family is incredibly understanding.
Best of luck to you.
So you accidentally the restaurant?
It was my fault.
I bumped my head, but that was it.
If it bothered him in the least he wouldn't have added you back.
But your car insurance should pay out for that.
Thats a fuck up, but you should be happy you weren't sued.
where the fuck are they gonna get a sniffer dog?
Police don't let you rent them by the hour.
Sorry for your fuck up, but they shouldn't dock your tips to cover the repairs unless you consent.
You're responsible for the damage, but your insurance company might cover it instead of paying yourself (which you're essentially doing if they are keeping your tips).
Them keeping your tips definitely violates labor laws.
I would call your car insurance carrier and file a claim.
Shoe insurance maybe?
lol, she's saying no tips because it's closed.
But again, I'm probably right in the assumption that straight men probably make up the majority of Reddit.
not from the States.
No, she's not.
Read it again:
"I'm not fired, but no tips until it is paid off."
Damn it, I really wanted this week's FUOTW to go to the dude who made his hairdresser barf with his flatulence, but this trumps it by a mile.
Bet it feels bad, man :( I'm glad no one was injured, though!
Hope no future concussions or anything!
It's also shitty that the restaurant isn't just using insurance, but I'm glad they didn't fire you.
My understanding of is slave labour where you live off of tips and get fired if you sneeze in the same room as your boss.
My cousin farted in the family van, and it was so bad that we had to make an immediate emergency stop to bail.
, my little (other) cousin was in his car seat, and got left behind inside the van.
He started screaming and pounding on the windows, then threw up "splat" right against the glass.
The worst part is, no one wanted to go back to get him, so we ended up leaving him in there until the van was aired out.
it was kinda windy, and we left the doors open.
With shitty bosses, yes.
But you never hear the story of the average boss that lets you go about your day unbothered.
Well, then.
I'll just be on my way.
tip of the hat
Don't feel bad, it could happen to anyone.
I accidentally hit the drive thru window(the wall just below it) at the Dairy Queen I used to work at.
I knocked a large hole in the wall.
This was many years ago, And now I look back at it as a funny story.
I had to pay for the repairs too.
In doing this I have probably screwed up everything with the angel, because she'll find out, and I'll be in the shit, and quite deservedly too.
Well you did the right thing to post this on the internet then.
SUE THE SHOE MAKER
This is exactly the type of situation that liability insurance was made for.
In the US, you're either driving illegally, or you're covered for this.
You'll have to pay the deductible, but that should be it.
Cover by adding your crush and a few other people they might know.
Then...
in a few weeks, remove everyone you don't talk to.
You can easily censer the information you want to share with them, so you don't need to worry about them learning anything you don't want them to.
Don't freak out though, it isn't a big deal.
If he mentions it, just tell them you were browsing and you had one of those "People You Might Know" and your phone clicked "add" rather than letting you scroll..
or whatever.
No big deal.
three weeks of uncommitted development work
You're using git wrong.
Proof?
Things like this are this are the reason I always go with Velcro.
That and the fact that I'm I lazy bastard and I hate tying my shoes.
Oh, don't worry, she's a complete technotard.
Just the tip?
Then no worries.
=) Be casual and honest.
didn't think anything of it.
is a pretty cool guy.
eh accidentallys restaurants and doesn't afraid of anything.
That poor boy already has enough hardships to deal with.
The whole restaurant.
She should have worn more flair.
Brian wears 37 pieces of flair.
They never would have docked Brian's tips.
I am pretty sure this is illegal.
Time to contact the state labor relations board.
Would you be so kind to show a picture of the eye brows?
I am so very curious on how the barber had styled them.
about those reports...
What episode is that?
I don't remember that one :D
So you didnt get it on yourself?
Doesnt seem too bad
crazy story.
reminds me of final destination.
Uh guys, OP isn't a guy, She works as a .
Just thought that needed pointing out.
Best of Irish luck to you , I hope things sort out well for ya.
Just to see how it feels.
We need more information on this.
What has happened since?
, I haven't made eye contact with her that day.
I am pretty sure she had forgotten...or..
Is that the present tense of my felt-tip pen?
I did it a while ago with my brother, we were recording it in and we really put a lot effort into it and all was done in one session.
When we saved, I clicked save but I clicked no to all, which I thought would prevent it from saving only the one track , because I wanted the whole song.
My brain stopped working and some seconds later I realized that I only saved the project file, but all the fucking individual tracks were gone.
The worst part is I couldn't use a recovery program because I never saved the files before.
Nice use of wicked, poor use of car technology.
Most importantly - pics of you and pics of the accident?
No, I'm talking about a penis; an italicized penis.
I'm pretty sure she means she will be voluntarily giving them over to the restaurant.
Wow I'm dumb...
I read that and pictured a lace getting caught in a bike pedal.
I was pretty confused by a bike destroying a restaurant and you calling a bike a truck.
Derp.
I can see how a lace gets caught in a bike pedal, but how'd you wrap it around the gas pedal?
I'm not really sure I can see that happening, but kudos to you for figuring it out.
Good luck paying it off though seriously, I hope you can get the insurance to cover some of it.
You, sir, disgust me.
Or they could fire her for driving through the wall of the restaurant, and create a lot of bad blood for the friendship.
My friends mom bluffed about knowing we drank once, bluffed all the way til I was home and she was going to talk to my mom, we caved lol.
SHOE THE SHOE MAKER
Nah, I get paid minimum wage and offered to pay out of my tips.
It was the quickest, least troublesome way to fund it since I pull in about $400 in tips a week.
But I'll look into the insurance anyway.
I have super high car insurance though, and I really don't want it to get any higher.
Nor does the restaurant want their insurance to get any higher, and while the damage is bad, it is affordable to fix.
It was mostly a glass wall.
You are my hero.
But I apologized and gave her a decent bottle of wine, and the damage was minimal, so it ended up ok.
Oh, the reason you're my hero is because your incident was so much worse, it makes me feel great about mine :)
I'm a pretty cool girl.
An Asian girl who slammed into a wall with her car.
Oh boy, I hadn't realized that stereotype yet...
That's really rough, and it might end with you having to find another job.
I can't imagine any amount of tips taking care of an entire wall, but I hope I am wrong.
Just maintain the peace of mind that you never intended to do what you did and learn from this mistake.
We all have moments where we screw up pretty badly, and this is yours.
Own it, learn from it, grow from it.
Make it right and bust your ass to do so.
I love my boss.
I'll probably work here my whole life.
It's a family owned business, and a family I have known since I was in preschool.
I mostly felt bad about crashing into their wall and causing them to close for a week.
But it's okay.
We're all going camping while it is being fixed.
And to a theme park for good measure.
An accidental vacation I guess.
I make a lot in tips.
It's a popular restaurant and what not.
I pull in, on average, $400 a week.
Just to be clear, what you're paid is irrelevant.
It's still illegal to take your tips.
The restaurant wouldn't sue me.
The boss considers me like their child.
That is funny!
After the restaurant shut down everyone went out for drinks and laughed about it, actually, and began plotting a vacation while it was fixed.
Yeah, I prefer velcro or non-lacing shoes too, but I try to look professional when I work since it gets me more tips.
The irony is that the lace probably wasn't that stuck, and it just bugged me, so I kicked it and that was how I crashed through a wall.
This is probably Fuck Up Of The Week material.
They didnt fire you?
How much was the damage?
cures everything!
How did the teacher react?
, if you feel bad about it, you need to make the situation right.
, explain your error and maybe try to be a little more patient in the future.
I don't think it's healthy to blame the other kids when you could have taken a few extra seconds to prevent this from happening.
At the end of the day, it was a mistake.
Your intentions were pure.
Don't beat yourself up over something you never intended to happen.
the bind of ctrl + alt + z to just z.
Man I love that key soo much.
The damage, while severe, is not super expensive.
I mostly just hit the part of the wall that was full on window.
I suppose can=car?
Did yall know them?
or are you guys in a habit of walking up to random people in cars?
He only deserves it if he gives her that card.
Been here before.
Look at it this way: You never were guaranteed the position, even if your application was flawless.
You made a mistake and you realized it, so in the future, be a little more careful.
The worst thing you can do is dwell on it and stop applying.
what I do is after I realize I've erred, I get angry with myself and try to make it up by applying for as many jobs as I can.
Turn that disappointment/frustration into motivation and get yourself an even better job out of it.
That's genius!
you don't even know what I have you tagged as from now on.
The reverse happened to me.
One day I bent down to pet my dog that was laying in the garage when I saw his face contort for a second, then I heard it.
It was a whispy and short little burst that I laughed at until...All of a sudden my nose was on fire and my throat felt like someone shoved a dirty diaper down it.
My stomach started knotting up and before I could make out of the garage I started puking as I ran away from the most foul smelling fart I've ever had the misfortune of smelling.
So yes, farts are very capable of inducing vomiting.
( in response to another comment.
That poor kid.
At least I wasn't referring to a bolded penis.
Now that would truly be disgusting.
this man is not black.
They consider you to be like a daughter but they are willing to take your tips to cover the damage instead of going through either your insurance or theirs??
What other spells do you know, sorcerer?!
I NEVER get super drunk anymore, I learned the hard way when i turned 21 to not fuck with alcohol when I woke up in a hospital after flatlining in an ambulance for 30sec.
Since then I never drink just to get drunk and always stop before I get too toasted.
Just in tips?
Damn girl.
Oh holy fucking dog fart batman...I'm so sorry for your pain.
I can marginally sympathize.
The other day I was hugging my dog when he looked at me and sneezed right in my eyes and open mouth.
The fucker...
Ah, well then :)
As always, the full story lends more color - glad that it wasn't a negative experience, and that everything got taken care of in the end.
Thanks for the details!
I believe she offered to give them her tips.
So, they aren't taking the tips so much as charging her for the repair.
i think theres cheat codes to avoid this.
Lol, mine does that too, or at least tries to.
He only gets me if he does it as I'm sitting down/standing up for pet sessions.
All one can do to understand is meditate, and consult the ancient texts known as the 'formatting help'.
By jove, I do believe you are onto something.
This is why we can't have nice things.
...stereotype(s) ftfy
You might wanna go to a doctor just for a check up.
you can have minor damage to your neck and so on from whiplash, even if you don't feel it.
I saw this on the news this morning if we're in the same area.
Glad your ok!
The tip is only approximately 20% of the penis.
So that means 80% more customers are needed to make a dollar.
Trust me, i'm an entgineer.
Sounds like awesome people!
them.
is ( you?
Yeah make this right.
The school years almost over.
She's hot.
Do it in her car.
companies will raise rates in a heartbeat...
is probably saving (everyone) money in the long run.
You're not wrong, I suppose, but it still seems shitty to me.
SHOE THE SUE MAKER
, yes indeed.
I just didn't know where to post this, so I put it in TIFU because while trying to help my friend, I got maced as well.
No idea who they were or why they did this, apparently they were following my friend, Jarred, the previous week.
They pulled up and for no reason fucking maced us.
He has no idea why.
Just a random thing I suppose.
We have no idea who they were, apparently they were following my friend, Jarred, in their cars the previous week.
They pulled up and for no reason fucking maced us.
He has no idea why.
, I don't even do drugs and I think this is ridiculous.
Just kill them, or move out.
Those are your options, just one ends in jail most of the time.
This is wicked man.
Send me some more.
An engineer
Tony ?
SHOE THEM TO THE MAX!
It was my last opportunity to see some good friends before they move out of state for grad school.
That and it was the first atheist club party where we drank.
What was your (honest) first thought when the truck stopped moving?
Sorry for not replying to more, it's late.
You're right.
I hate the way I use git, but the thing you have to understand is that I am the only one that uses it.
Having not used git before, I was instructed by my supervisor to implement git.
I have a master repository and a dev repository.
They both live on github.
I cloned dev down to a dev box.
I push dev to dev, make the pull request on github from dev to master, and then git pull to the production box.
I don't even actually work on the dev box, I work on a windows box using eclipse with RDS (sftp, basically) and then putty to the dev box to do commits.
The supervisor left three weeks after I set up git and I'm left with a poor git example, and three weeks of lost code.
I usually commit a file after it has been tested and known to work.
Then I do a git add, commit with a message and push to the dev branch on github, where I then merge to master on github and then git pull to production from master.
are you over 18?
your parents sound like jewish pricks with nothing to do because there marriage sucks.
My parents did the same shit to me, but they smoked weed oddly enough.
They just wanted to shit on me because there life sucked.
So move the fuck out and when you come over to visit be high as hell.
after this, my github repository could not merge, and I had to pull down local, fix the merge and then push with --force.
This is all very new to me.
by doing.
Poorly!
So, when you do a push, do tons of past commits go with the push?
"TAZE ME YOU FUCKING PUSSIES."
I lost it.
He is.
Or he's a casual racist at least.
He didn't just say the word he used it as an insult towards his mother.
(Even saying the word at all is still racist)
His mother has it right...he is, "racially insensitive and disrespectful".
So sounds like you got a good career ahead of you eh?
I followed your suggestion and got a check up.
is fine!
Girls don't poop.
Was she hot?
It is important to know.
Fixed it for you.
Wow that sucks man, I was caught smoking in my bedroom last december if it makes you feel any better :(
Yes, and that's almost the entire point of version control
b) With git (and probably other DVCSs), you can rewrite history to make it as pretty as you want before you push
I am refreshed to read that you went back there and cleaned it up.
Very honorable.
And it was a good choice to throw away those boxers too.
Can I explode in your mouth?
MAKE THE SHOE SAKER!
He just got mad and said something he knew would hurt her feelings you PC numskull.
Nigger is just a word, its not like , saying it doesn't magically change your character.
No, but your character determines whether or not you'd say it.
And in the case of this word, only a racist would use it as an insult.
I don't give a shit if he just got mad.
It's just a word...?
Is that really your argument here?
Tell that to those people whose ancestors were shot with that word being the last thing they heard.
It's racist.
Let that sink in, okay?
Why do you want to use it so badly?
Stop being such a shit hole.
Get your head out of your ass, you really think black people need you to scour the internet telling people they're bad for saying nigger?
I think that as humans they can fight their own battles, bud.
Why do I want to use it?
Who says I do?
Its a word that has a meaning and specific purpose, I don't think it needs to be censored like its some dangerous monster that causes death when uttered.
Ever read Mark Twain?
Have a problem with Huck saying nigger?
Its a word, it shouldn't hurt your feelings, grow some balls.
Have you ever talked to a black person, or are you just a liberal whackjob who thinks he's leading the charge in defending poor widdle black people from big mean racists?
Black people do not respect wimpy white liberals who think that its their job to protect them from mean words.
From the question-in-title I thought I was on for a second.
BOY HOWDY I LOVE BROAD SWEEPING GENERALIZATIONS!
And I love people who are literally afraid of a word.
Do you think there's magic in the word nigger?
Say it right now to yourself, you will find that nothing bad happens and no black people are harmed.
Is Big Mac okay?
You do know that when you file your taxes as a waitress you have to declare tips right?
, you have attracted the (+nocss) TM !
The front-page of the has linked to you, and purely by coincidence the following SRSers are here to help you realise the error of your ways:
Active SRS Poster Score
imawhalenotadoctor246.67
ISTEALFORESKINS246.8
[Why is this here?
What does it mean?](
Honey, I'm a woman and Indian.
You can shove your "white man burden" up your ass.
I'm not defending anyone.
I'm calling you an asshole and a racist.
The word has a purpose, huh?
And what purpose does it serve?
Get your head out of your ass and the shit out of your mouth, you racist.
It's amazing how far you go to defend a racist word and your "right" to use it
lol wats slavury?
Get your head out of your ass, you really think black people need you to scour the internet telling people they're bad for saying nigger?
I think that as humans they can fight their own battles, bud.
We shouldn't all try and get people to be decent human beings, only the people affected in the most direct way get to defend themselves.
why hello there
You can't be a decent human being if you make a racist joke?
You could donate to charity, jump on a grenade to save a hundred people of every color, creed, and gender, but the nasty joke you made is what damns you?
Calm down and choose your battles, you ARE being a white knight.
Why don't you go give back to the community instead of yelling at people on the internet for stupid jokes, that might make you a better person.
something that none of us that are privileged enough to live in the western world today have ever experienced firsthand.
I came here to ask this, I just saw that clip on the news.
Or something
Saying a word despite not meaning to say it as a racial and despite the fact the word may have in his personal culture evolved to the point where it has no race attached to it.
My battery is dead, commonly used is disrespectful to people who's family members have just died.
Is it disrespectful?
Yes, racist?
Shot?
My ancestors where shot, for being who they where.
Are you hating them and as such hating me.
Never ever use the word shot again.
Ever read Mark Twain?
Have a problem with Huck saying nigger?
OK wait just there.
Do you honestly not get the difference?
Mark Twain was showing how ignorant you have to be to call somebody a nigger.
He was a satirist.
There's a difference between a satirist and somebody who just screams nigger whenever he's pissed off.
I don't give a shit what race you are, you shouldn't get so offended by a stupid word, thats on you.
If you laughed off the stupidity of racists instead of driving yourself to loathing you would lead a less stressful life.
Its a word that has been around a long time, there are words for all sorts of horrible things because there are horrible things in the world that need to be described.
the word like the NAACP doesn't change the emotion that spawned it.
How can you call me a racist, just because I'm telling you that I'm not offended by the word nigger?
I have tougher skin because I know that being offended doesn't help anything.
This should be the time where I start listing the reasons I'm not racist, like you being a woman and an Indian.
This is irrelevant, your non-racist stats don't mean anything.
You are just making yourself intentionally weaker by allowing yourself to be emotionally hurt by a stupid word.
I agree with you on the 'they have my info part'.
But maybe you need to tell the girl that you really don't want one.
Be aware, estrogen is quite strange and she might get pissed that you don't?
I don't really know.
But yeah, deactivating it isn't really a big deal or anything.
Back to top.
The guy said he felt bad about it.
My point wasn't that their usages of the word was similar, just that the word itself isn't something that you can use as a dichotomy for someone being a horrible person.
Hell there are racists who are nice people.
I was just about to suggest that you should have gotten the license plate number of the car as they drive off.
Then I facepalmed and realized that this might be a little challenging with a faceful of bear mace.
It's good that he feels bad for being a racist, but that doesn't make it not shitty to be a racist.
Also, your Mark Twain reference really made my night.
It was such a blatant Hail Mary of logic that failed so badly.
I hope you tuck yourself in good and pat yourself on the back for protecting the blacks today, bud.
battle won.
I about pissed my pants laughing to this.
Aww you're leaving already?
I wanted to see some more of your analogies.
Hmmph.
Yeah I'm not really helping "the blacks" as much as I'm enjoying myself, making fun of you.
oh no, my buddy got it, somehow I have no idea how, but he remembered it from the previous week.
So we gave it to the police and they're looking for it.
But so far we haven't got a call.
We were both blinded though so lucky he remembered it ahhahaha.
Saying the word 'nigger' causes black people to be enslaved?
Haha I told you my race cause you called me a white man.
If you didn't give a shit you wouldnt have mentioned my potential race and gender at all.
How the hell is saying im indian "non-racist stats"?
Listen, I am not personally offended.
I just realise that using the n-word is racist.
You know nothing about my life...not laughing at racist "jokes" gives me no stress whatsoever, please.
How can you call me a racist, just because I'm telling you that I'm not offended by the word nigger?
You're defending its use.
Thats why I call you a racist.
(unless YOU choose to allow it to hurt you)
Again, it doesn't hurt me emotionally at all.
It angers me that people think it's okay and funny to use that word.
, I'm participating in two similar arguments right now, so my Mark Twain thing was off mark.
The kids a dumb fuck, but he's talking to his mom, got mad and tried to hurt her feelings as bad as possible.
He is not the anti christ for saying nigger.
Sounds like you might take a shotgun blow to the head.
Nah, the anti christ isn't a real thing.
But racist shitheads are.
he takes this time to really take a look at himself and his prejudices.
It could be a turning point.
But come on, if the worst possible thing in your mind is automatically a slur used to dehumanize black people for hundreds of years, that's pretty racist.
Not necessarily, but I can't really think of a more awful way to insult your own mother than calling her a nigger.
People are assholes when they're upset, everybody's been there.
I'm actually scared to go back to work.
Like I should just never go back and move to Alaska.
[I'm actually scared shitless of the man he's big and burly and he can get angry.](
I don't know why I didn't just do that.
Guess I was afraid to make her mad or something.
I immediately regret this decision.
Thanks for reading.
They won't let the word evolve.
Yeah, I mean what's more degrading than calling somebody a black person?
Silly you words don't evolve, weapon only means penis and is not context based.
So a gun is a weapon actually means penis.
Unless it's in the case of man, in which case words can evolve but only to exclude women and be sexist.
Yeah man, you're welcome.
That's what you are dealing with right now.
You can't argue your way out of it.
That gif.
made me wheeze like an old man.
But really, if that guy watches his daughter have sex with an employee at his store, he might flip his shit, go get a gun from home, wait for you, and t-"BLAM".
Or send you to the hospital.
Might try saying you accidentally opened the door, in hopes he won't check the tapes.
Please don't quote the word which starts with the letter between M and O, it is hateful, and merely by quoting it, you create racism and hate.
Note that you can actually delete your account.
Just put all sorts of pornographic and otherwise explicit imagery all over your profile and then report yourself.
If anyone questions you about this, tell them you've been hacked and cant be bothered to make a new one.
Really putting that redditor level IQ to use there bro.
Well, thanks.
I could always use this if I really feel the need.
BEEP BEEP
Black people do not respect wimpy white liberals who think that its their job to protect them from mean words.
Black person here.
I love wimpy white liberals who pick on douchebags like you.
BEEP BEEP
i'm at a lost for words.
truly.
Oh good, your alarm is working.
It's the only thing he has left after the brown people make him a majority minority.
Also...State's Rights.
Did the same by accident in high school with the same results and remedy.
Did you scream?
Cause I did, like a little bitch.
I will never forget it and am SOOO careful when I use this stuff now.
Run.
Very far.
You can't be a decent human being if you make a racist joke?
You think it's a scorecard?
Are we grading on a curve?
Basic decency is a list of prereqs, champ.
level: novelty account
Moving the cuffs under your legs and to the front of your body is about 10x easier than it sounds.
That said once you have the cuffs in front of you and you're in control again it's very simple to reach into your pocket and text.
PC GONE MAD!!!
YOU CAN'T EVEN USE DARK SKIN AS AN INSULT ANYMORE!!!1
LIGHTEN UP, YOU GUYS!!!
IT'S JUST A JOKE!11one
Uhh call up said girl.
Tell her to buy you some time.
She then gives you the keys to get in.
You find said recording and delete.
Then hope it all just passes by.
It goes to his laptop.
So I could just tell her to try and find it, but I'm shitting bricks :/
Bud, tiger, slugger, champ, superstar, mate.
Once while on acid, I needed to piss.
I went to the bathroom and proceeded to do so.
Bad idea.
Once I had actually found my shriveled up drug dick, it took a while to get going.
But once it started, it would not stop.
Not such a bad thing you say?
Well did I mention that I had started to shake, UNCONTROLLABLY.
I mean I could NOT stop: shaking OR pissing.
I shook and pissed, I pissed and I shook.
I pissed everywhere, with the exception perhaps of the toilet bowl.
Litres of urine covered everything.
It was everywhere and I wasn't in my own house.
(after what seem like an age) I stopped pissing.
Still shaking, violently, I realised that I must clean this flood of micturation up.
After what seemed like an age, I finished cleaning the moving floors, the shiny walls, the tiles that did not end (it was really good acid!) and exited the bathroom.
My friends asked where I'd been?
Me, cool as a cucumber "I just took a piss," my friend "Fuck dude you've been gone two and a half hours."
TL;DR Almost drowned in piss, cleaned up while tripping balls.
If that's all you got then you gotta do it.
The worst he can do is fire you.
And hey, it looks like you got a little thing to mess around with too.
If she finds the laptop I'm sure she will know what to do.
Delete the entire day of recording and blame it on a computer malfunction.
She should delete a week's time so it doesn't look obvious that it was just that one day maybe
Even better!
untrue.
is at an all time high world wide, and not all of it is in the non-western world.
And yes, I understand that sex slavery has very little to do with what you are talking about, but it's definitely not good to ignore atrocities for convenience.
DO want an update...
Good luck getting the tapes deleted.
Thats a fuck up I wish I had the balls to be a part of.
I mean I know you going to die but, come on..
I'll keep you informed
Yea I know, I'm fucked.
Plain and simple.
Dude, it's just .
but then again, maybe he wont check the tapes
I hope not, I want to just say I opened the door.
But at the same time not say shit.
Yes, He is fine.
I was able to complete him, and here are some pics if you like:
I think you should be more ashamed of your women/meat metaphor than whatever went on in this story.
What the hell, man.
On the bright side, TIL a new idiom re: no oil painting.
So thanks?
Best of luck man /:
Just tell them theres no need to worry because you opened the doors and maybe he wont check cause he'll be busy.
Or maybe your totally lucky and the camera can't see you at that angle.
Or best case senario you make money off the footage on a porno site..
Btw, PLEASE write a response to this one, I'm very interested on what happens tomorrow.
There's a camera that was right at us.
Like couldn't get a more perfect view.
If I get a hold of it, maybe I'll upload it :)
ha, theres an NSFW/videos still right?
Sorry to hear that.
That's actually really fucked.
My mom kicked me out of the house at 18 for smoking pot, but that turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to me.
Is it possible to get a picture of the damage you had made?
Hey, at least nobody did dead
Would be hilarious if it was just a coincidence.
"TIFU: subscribed to a girl's page that my friend's kinda seeing, making me look like a creeper." =P
being completely serious here...
no bullshit: PLEASE BE CAREFUL AND BE ALERT TOMORROW
it'll be A-okay
Why don't you go give back to the community instead of yelling at people on the internet
no u
YES BECAUSE THAT NONSENSICAL TRIVIALITY YOU JUST INVENTED FOR THE SAKE OF "ARGUMENT" IS A PERFECT ANALOGY TO THE WORD "NIGGER"
0/10 worst racist troll ever
aren't you fortunate that you can only fabricate any "oppression"
Oh, clearly you know more about me than I do.
My ancestors where shot and killed, lived under oppression and I currently feel oppressed due to the way I was born.
But that doesn't matter to you.
I know man, I don't work till .
But I am so sketched man.
I called her and told her what happened and she laughed.
I was like this isn't fucking funny, I told her to try and get to the video.
She said she would take care of it and I shouldn't have to worry.
no one has asked yet.
PICSSS?
did you seriously actually just call me a nigger
like really truly
was the sex worth it?
and also hope you dont get a shotgun to a head tomorrow
How do you "take the meaning away from it" without devaluing the history of racial oppression in this country (assuming you're )?
You are the stupidest mother fucker on the planet.
She should be glad they didn't toss her dumbass off a roof.
I have a lot of server stories.
Sent a guy to the hospital by comedy, accidentally slapped what should not be slapped, the usual crazy customer ones.
But you know, that story probably tops all of mine.
If this man does not respond in the next few hours!
It means he is dead!
Rest in peace, poor soul who had sex with the hulk's daughter...
rest in peace...
One question in case you're not dead...
You guys call this a TL;DR?...
Jesus my eyes hurt, make use of paragraphs my friend!
dude when I was 16 my dad offered me a joint just to try it out and see how I feel about it even though he doesn't like it but he isn't the "POT TEAR UP FAMILEE UP NUCLEAR WARHEAD"
And you didnt realise that you you had to push a button on a cannister where youd normally squeeze a tube and vice versa?
Learn to lie more believeably in future haha.
Fuck up of the week for sure.
Oh god the burning...
I still cant taste flavours.
You wuss...
It depends on the state whether an employer is allowed to take tip credit towards minimum wage, but employers are liable for at least a waiter's minimum federal minimum wage.
Some states have higher combined minimum wages.
is nice until you get financially fucked over or the law is broken.
: ( parent working many years as a hiring and HR consultant in the restaurant industry, grandfather was an insurance attorney who arbitrated a lot of cases like this.
I really don't see the problem here.
As other posters mentioned this was a first date and you are not in a committed relationship with either girl.
The odds with A are really bad with B the odds are better and of course C is best so best odds overall go with not telling her, its not like you were cheating or anything.
Yeah, I started drinking a lot in college, too.
Oh boo-hoo go cry me a river.
But seriously, if some dumbass website banned you and you considered it your whole life, then you need help...
And also, one of the core rules of F7U12 is NO REPOSTS.
So yeah.
you are both at the age of consent or adults, the only thing you did wrong was leaving the door open and (literally) screwing around at work.
You didn't rape the daughter or anything.
It might be very awkward and embarrassing, but I don't think you'd be fired.
You will however be reprimanded.
Let us know how it ends up.
That too.
I wish i could give you my "fuck up of the week" title.
that is amazing.
$400 in tips per week!
Yeah man get it over with do her
Damn man was she hot at least?
And please keep us here updated
So they should stick to the law and ruin the friendship?
Make everything awkward and make everyone feel bad?
If she is being financially screwed over by an employer who is breaking the law, then yes, unreservedly.
Edit: I should work on my reading comprehension.
I missed the part about the restaurant being closed during repairs - which renders this a moot point.
, if he's keeping her on as an employee, he's still obliged to pay at least minimum wage.
Which is not a whole lot.
You're a motherfucking piece of shit.
Now before you get offended, I'm just hoping these words evolve
And if for whatever reason she can't delete said video off the laptop, just accidentally set it on fire.
Or put it in the sink full of water.
Or trip over the cord and just destroy the fucking thing.
That would be easier to deal with than him seeing video proof of you plowing his daughter in his store...
I'm not sure they can garner your wages like that.
I have red zone deodorant...
the kind that you twist and a little bit is squeezed out the top.
It wasn't like I was rubbing the stick back and forth lol
Just one quick motion cause I really wasn't paying attention.
it or not.
I just thought it was funny afterwards.
Yeah, she was, but her dressing style is somewhat like the old times, by old times I mean like the early 20th century.
I've always wondered why she dresses like that, but she's hot, if that's what you want to know.
These are some extraordinary claims.
That was fucking hiliarious.
may not be your first language, but FUCK, you swear like a goddamn expert.
"Fire-fuckfest" is a word I will be trying desperately to work into conversation for weeks.
Thanks mate.
This would be even funnier in .
, you're now either dead or a married man.
Well, they shouldn't be offended, because you intended your "offensive" statement to elucidate a philosophical point.
So, it's not intended to offend.
So, they shouldn't take offense to it.
Who knows he may be into that weird stuff.
I believe there is a genre with the theme of getting it on with your parents/offspring/other relatives etc.
She's one of those girls who are really cute but not hot if you know what im talking about
Im going to get a first class ticket straight to Alaska
it becomes to mean something else.
You take the power from it people wanted to give to it, instead of trying to enforce its power.
He is probably going to rub one out actually
analogy.
You're using it as an insult and hoping it doesn't stay as an insult?
Makes no sense.
Try again.
So much this.
I've fucking been shot.
Where's my sympathy?
Guess what, they don't exist.
god damnit, with all the shit that's happened to me in my life, I could make everyone here shut the fuck up forever if that's the case.
Google it.
Also, earlier in the thread, someone said that they saw it on the news.
Ok, go call your dad "motherfucker" for the rest of your life to elucidate a philosophical point on how offense isn't given, it's taken and see how it works out for you
The word "nigger" IS an insult, no, it's worst than an insult because it carries centuries of hate with it.
What part of that don't you understand?
It angers you...but that doesn't emotionally hurt you...or offend you?
I thought that's what being offended was; a negative emotional response from a certain stimulus.
If someone tells you you're ugly or something, and you cry, that's being offended.
If they say the same and you get angry, that's also offended...or at least so I thought.
This confuses me.
Water is not good for an oil fire.
Next time wet a towel or blanket an throw it over to smother the flames.
Or don't start a fire.
, I call my mom "Old woman" and my dad "asshole" as terms of endearment.
We're quite close and we generally tend to insult each other lightly, it's all shits and giggles.
Isn't that what the black community is trying to do with the whole "reclamation" thing?
And thanks for keeping that history attached to it instead of letting it become some other word.
You keep the word sacrosanct and narrowly tailored for hate instead of letting it become some other word.
So your previous argument is totally invalid.
Let's allow "motherfucking piece of shit" to become some other word instead of keeping it an insult right?
Better yet, let's start using insults in everyday language until there are no more insults left in the language!
There would be no need for political correctness!!!
Or you can get offended and stomp your feet around and get angry when someone says magic words at you, while making sure those words stay preserved.
Let's allow "motherfucking piece of shit" to become
so commonplace people aren't offended?
Sure.
No no, i agree with you.
I see the light now.
Words are just magic ethereal movements of the larynx that have no physical bearing in reality.
I hope to one day live in a world where all of them are devoid of meaning and we can say whatever the fuck we want and not really mean anything at all!
posting a comment for follow up.
Please do keep us posted
No, we're able to control and corral use of words.
And by strictly keeping certain words meaning certain things, people concerned about the use of "nigger" are giving it power.
To your point, yes, we could make anything mean anything and nothing mean nothing if we started enforcing that, but practically speaking, it would make no sense.
video or it didn't happen ;)
I know this is late, but most cats don't need a lot of water.
A glass is usually more than enough for quite a few days.
Like...
IN the butt D:
Hi, all!
ambassador here, hoping to clarify a few things to those of you who may be confused:
(SRD) is a style subreddit that aggregates drama from all over reddit.
We aim to not participate in the drama we link to, but if you would like to discuss any of the drama you are free to do so in our subreddit.
If you choose to do so, please read the guidelines in the sidebar before contributing.
We like to watch drama, not start it.
If you have any complaints about please PM , 's proprietor.
I am sure he would love to hear your comments.
This bot is maintained by the mods.
[You can get in touch with us here.](
I know slavery is at an all time high, but not in the western world.
I read that report article too.
I was going to go with "something that pretty much not a single one of us" instead of "none of us".
But its less punchy.
There are other exceptions that live in the western world such as refugees who formerly lived as slaves.
my point is that if people are talking racial slurs (as above) and slavery is brought up and "we're" both first worlders...
then I think we're skirting close to silly.
Its unlikely that a lot of us have any firsthand experience of slavery and even less likely that the said "slavery" was due to our colour of skin.
Make your own comics..
Its so cute when people think systematic oppression and racism stopped at some point.
.png
Funny how its only young white boys who think that word can and should "evolve".
Just, so funny.
Comedy gold.
see the alarm had gone off
he'll see at least two things get off.
on your manliness, he might even witness three.
Why yes
Why the hell did you give it a goddamn BUCKET?!
It the bucket has a cap of 10 litres (2.6 gallons) it would take the cat about four weeks to consume it if we do not add natural vaporization.
Your love of cats brought you pain!
A comedian =/= All black people =/= Being literal =/= relevant
I got a workmate who surely approves of this.
So only black people get to decide what words mean?
And young white boys cannot have opinions on words?
Thats the spirit!
Nice goal post scooting.
And yeah, no, you don't get to have an opinion on a slur used to dehumanize people.
when you're trying to dictate how the fuck THEY should interpret it.
The people who the slur is used against by you, a member of the race with a chokehold on it.
I'm trying to do a little human flesh search ..
this didn't happen in NH by any chance?
Well, I hope for you she really takes care of it.
Keep us up to date!
This thread is about some dude calling his mom that.
Of course a white person calling a black person that brings to mind its racist connotation.
And what chokehold?
Oh, you know I could have looked at your userhistory before wondering why it seemed like you can't read.
Haha, bye.
No, we're able to control and corral use of words.
but practically speaking, it would make no sense.
But let's say I grant you the argument that somehow it IS possible to control certain words' meaning (even though you just said it's probably impractical), YOU have no say in this.
You know who has the right to make this decision?
Black people who are hurt and offended by racists using these words.
And I guarantee that you don't fall in this category.
As a carpenter this whole thing stinks something awful.
"I can't disprove your point, so I'm done talking to you".
Haha, bye.
It is possible to control words meanings, that's how language works, the collective movement of the masses.
Black people have a say in it, so does anyone who uses language.
That's how language works.
Never before has 'cool story bro' been more appropriate.
on your family history of alcoholism.
Come to , he won't find you here.
Glad you like it, anyway, a german one this time:
If you like it ask for more!
The term is garnishment, and it seems like a friendly agreement between the employee and employer, who seem to have a history beyond their work arrangement.
Any small claims court in the country would easily sign off on this, as there is no longer a need to involve the courts, or even mediation, as long as both parties consent.
That said, it would be extremely advisable to get all of this in writing, and it would be even smarter to get it all looked over by an attorney, just to be safe.
A handshake is always good enough, and you never need a contract, until you do.
Oh, you stud you!
This novelty account is bad, and you should feel bad.
I'm calling BS.
Why would you have sex in front of a video camera?
My girl got fired at a restaurant for staying 15 minutes late helping a crying new girl and showing her the ropes.
You still have your job after crashing your truck THROUGH the restaurant, CLOSING it for a week.
Be grateful you still have a job lol.
TYFU.
Why the fuck not?
Also why would I lie on a self post?
Just call him up and tell him it was you who set the alarm off and that was because you were trying to move something out of the place last minute and everything was under control.
My nigga.
Got caught at work.
I don't need any more info than that to know what happened.
Here's what you do: say that you were under heavy drug influence.
You might say that this is a bad thing to tell you employer but trust me, I've done this too.
lol misundrstnding teh point on porpose lol
If you got a quote of $4k you're probably getting hosed.
Just get a floor dryer fan from a rental place and let it dry, the swelling will go down as it dries.
K, good to know
Well, having sex in front of a security video camera at work, which the boss has primary access to...and with the boss's daughter no less?
Maybe that's why not.
Makes for an amusing story though, assuming you don't get killed for it.
Saying the word 'nigger' is bad because slavery
Nice logic there.
ditto
yea i saw the news thing, but that is a different person same incident.
And if there's permanent damage, you can replace it yourself.
floors aren't actually that hard.
and you misspelled damp...
Okay, here's the translation:
Danas sam zasrao/zajebao: napravio sam vatreni picvajz u kuci mog druga
Ovo je bilo prije koju nedelju, al' jebes ga...Evo price:
Htjeli smo da napravimo nesto za jesti, ocajnicki.
Te smo nasli sajt o pravljenju malih slatkih govana (krofnica).
Ne znam kako se zovu na engleskom, mozete ga zvati MSS ili krofne, mada nije bas isto.
Dakle, brasno, jogurt, ulje, i sva ta sranja.
smo sranje (smjesu) potrebnu za pravljenje MSS, i drug je stavio u serpu.
smo samo oko dva mala govna i drug je otisao na drugi kraj sobe da nesto vidi, i odjednomd...
''E, gori.''
''JEBOTE LJEB GORIII!
AAA!''
Bio je ogroman plamen.
Jebote.
Drug, iz panike, nije znao sta da radi, i kao idiot, pljunuo je u serpu, da ugasi vatru.
Ali ne, jebeni plamen je popizdio i postao jos veci, skoro dotakao plafon.
Bilo je strasno i uzasno ali sam osjetio olaksanje u isto vrijeme.
smo i dalje pokusavali da otjeramo dim.
smo saznali uzrok pozara.
jebenog ULJA.
Sve sto smo govorili tog dana je ''To je bilo GLUPO.
stvar koju smo ikad uradili u svojim zivotima.''
Autoru toga jebenoga recepta: JEBO VAM TITO MATER.
Da, mi smo krivi, ali jebite se.
"I was on bath salts.
Your lucky I didn't eat anything more then your daughters pussy.
So be thankful" Yea, that'll work.
Pot isn't bad.
Pot will do.
Do pot.
Do pot and all will be potty.
Called southern porn
You, sir, are a worthless little twat.
sex doesn't always allow you to access your higher cognitive functions.
they are hard, given the name 'hard'wood floors.
But that's besides the point and I know what you were getting at.
The power of the word doesn't come from it's literal meaning, it comes from the fact that the word is inextricably connected to centuries of racial oppression.
The N-word is the symbol of racial oppression in this country, that will never change no matter what new meanings people try and give the word.
You can't say that white people using the N-word isn't racist without saying that those centuries of racial oppression aren't a big deal.
Was the daughter hot at least?
It has a history behind it, but that doesn't mean its use will always harken to its history.
To anyone who keeps asking, she was not hot.
She was cute, that type of girl who isn't exactly hot but just cute.
Only way I can explain it.
No being offended is when you feel upset or annoyed.
And okay, im offended by your definition, sure.
Racist people offend and anger me
Yes, that is what the black community is doing.
It can be reclaimed by the oppressed, never by the oppressors.
I agree, don't tolerate this bullshit.
They might not like the way you live, but if you like it, why should you interrupt that way of living?
If it makes you happy, and you don't bother others in a direct way, you should be able to live your life.
If you've the opportunity to move out, go for it!
, what are can they do when you go on living your own life anyway?
Then you'd have the oppportunity to call the police on them, but it's all up to you.
Welp, at least there's proof it was consensual.
Oh, that's even better.
I'd rather have a cute girl than a 'hot' girl.
(if that makes any sense at all)
Hot girls tend to be fake in their looks, cute girls are just the kind you just want to squeeze their faces (among other things) and hug really tight.
This guy speaks the truth.
A lot of people smoke pot, but it's not yet tolerated by everyone.
You could compare it to Vodka, it has influence on your mental state and doesn't need a very big amount to have an influence.
As long as you don't overuse it, there's nothing wrong with it, in my opinion.
Also, try to stay away from patterns, just smoke it on spontaneous moments when you really want it.
That is always part of the context of a white person using the word and it is a big fucking deal.
I agree exactly how I feel :D
For some reason this doesn't sit right with me...
How the fuck is a cat supposed to drink out of a bucket?
Unless it was next to a ledge or something, but still you would have to fill it up to pretty much the TOP for the cat to reach it.
SNo, its not, it is just a word.
Black people have already started taking the meaning out of the word by turning it into a term of endearment.
A cop calling an innocent black man nigger is an example of the racism you discuss, and highlights a serious issue.
Some kid calling his mom nigger is not playing to years of racism, it is someone using a bad word to offend someone else.
bluffing parents like to bluff
He loves the bucket because he alway used to drink from it when I used it to water plants.
Seems like you are honest.
good guy.
go to work on saturday.
pull the fire alarm.
while everyone is evacuating you go into the security room and delete the evidence.
good luck mr.
ocean.
They're "hardwood" which is actually based on the type of tree.
to many things we use every day, they're pretty soft.
And more importantly, they're easy to modify.
Black people reclaiming the word is a source of empowerment.
They take a word with this context of racial oppression make it their own as a "fuck you" to that oppression.
That context of oppression is still there, but the meaning of it changes because it is a member of the oppressed group using it, not a member of the oppressing group.
A white person who uses that word for any reason is acting in a racist manner because they are part of the oppressing group, not the oppressed group.
But beyond that,
Some kid calling his mom nigger is not playing to years of racism, it is someone using a bad word to offend someone else.
That is undeniably racist.
Seems like your an asshole...
By nature.
Or maybe he was thirsty and would drink from any vessel available.
Like a teacup.
Black people reclaiming the word is a source of empowerment.
They take a word with this context of racial oppression make it their own as a "fuck you" to that oppression.
That context of oppression is still there, but the meaning of it changes because it is a member of the oppressed group using it, not a member of the oppressing group.
A white person who uses that word for any reason is acting in a racist manner because they are part of the oppressing group, not the oppressed group.
Do you think most people throwing around casual "niggas" are doing so as a means of empowerment?
Or because it is just a word they use as endearment?
That is undeniably racist.
No, he is taking an offensive word and using it against her.
It isn't that he is trying to call her black, he is trying to drum up an extremely offensive word and use it against her.
And as this thread shows, people are maintaining the offensiveness of the word by making it so forbidden.
That's why it is being used, not racism.
Racism is still very much alive in our society.
Just look the US presidents.
All of them: 100% white.
I wouldn't pay a dime.
Car insurance should cover the cost.
And if they didn't report it they are SOL.
HOW THE HELL DID U THINK UR HAND WAS A BEE!?!?
I don't think you quite know the definition of prison camp.
The damage estimate is way too high, and all they'll do to "repair" your floorboards is to blowdry it.
Source: pipe in my old house was pierced by a nail and caused swelling in the floor due to water.
You think being is bad?
Try having IBS along with that.
I think I would have died after drinking that.
Yo dawg, i heard you liked TIFU, so i made a TIFU because TIFU on my TIFU post.
Do you think most people throwing around casual "niggas" are doing so as a means of empowerment?
Or because it is just a word they use as endearment?
Who gives a shit why individuals use the word on an individual basis?
The community as a whole has reclaimed the word as a means of empowerment.
That's why it is being used, not racism.
I don't give a shit why he used it, his intent doesn't fucking matter.
He used a racist slur to insult someone, that is a racist action, if he refuses to stop doing it or thinks theres nothing wrong with using racist slurs, that makes him a racist.
I'm done with this.
that his username is "searspoop", I'm sure he's made peace with it.
You should speak with her about it because she should be just as concerned about getting caught.
Who'd want their parents seeing a video of them being fucked.
She seems to be in the best position to have clearance to do something about it.
how much water do you think cats need?!!
You guys do know you can hide your friends list, right?
When I was a kid (6yrs) I was playing with a top on the floor, while crawling after it I crushed and broke the pinky on my left hand.
I know the feel.
are you signed up for daily cat facts?
for 1 month?
Not even that much karma...just make a new account.
Agree to disagree then.
You can't say "its a means of empowerment" when they are just using it, and you can't say "it was racist" when he didn't have racist intentions.
evolve.
Plus, what kind of shitty floor can't handle a little water?
He doesn't care.
or laminate?
Let it dry out before making any decisions.
gotta lock your stash down, bummer man.
You should have said that you "were better understanding centripedal force in an inelastic collision"
snirk...HEHEHEHEHEHEHE
Yeah guys we had a half black president racism is over didn't you hear
Balsa wood is considered a hardwood.
me if I'm wrong here...
but isn't balsa wood really soft?
I remember doing some project with it in middle school and I could cut through it with my pencil
You are correct :P but that was my point, hardwood and softwood denote the type of tree it is, not nessisarily the hardness of the wood.
They both have ranges from soft to hard.
example is Yew, which is a softwood but its hardness is harder than most hardwoods.
comes from trees that are gymnosperms, hardwood comes from trees that are angiosperms.
you could probably fix this yourself...
Still can't get over ya'lls use of fags..upvotes good sir!!
It's typically based on how long it takes the tree to grow/ring density.
Pine grows in no time flat, and it's a soft wood, because the rings are thicker and less close together.
Oak takes about six forevers to grow and has tight rings.
Bamboo grows quickly and is also considered a hard wood.
shrugs It's kind of an anomaly.
If he confronts you about it, just tell him about how she loved your dick and how she just wants it even more.
And that's a TIL if I ever did see one.
Thanks for the info!
doesn't matter.
had sex
I try not to upvote vegetarians, but you get one for the 'fiery buttpee' tldr.
haha, I understand.
I can't imagine what it would be like to be unable to handle meat digestively.
I say that as a Celiac...I can't eat gluten (wheat...so bread, etc).
I certainly understand dietary concerns and mine sucks, but I think I'd hate yours worse.
Your ass needs a band-aid.
I too, believe this story to be a fake.
I can't even imagine how horrifying the outcome of that would be.
Since bamboo isn't a tree, I can understand it being an odd one out.
In general, ( comes from conifer trees.
(Not quite correct.
The class of trees that give softwood is actually, "gymnosperms", which is a super-class of conifers.)
( comes from deciduous trees.
(Again, not quite right, but functionally close enough.)
That's what buying a Honda will get you
One of two things would ultimately occur.
Or, as happens in unresolved cases of ileus, death.
A butt hug.
It'd probably end like one of those spaghetti stories from /b/.
I also just happened to enjoy a bit of ahem backdoor action with the BF last night.
That makes is much more difficult to hold anything in that wants out IMMEDIATELY.
Okay, so is this more to do with your muscles/sphincters being relaxed, or the leftover lube?
This right here is one reason I've stayed a vegetarian for 22 years now.
Never wanna go back.
When number one turns into number two..
Just out of curiosity, where does the line get drawn?
Is a black person using the word also racist?
Is a comedian (white or black) saying it being a racist?
What if they're using it in a non-racial context (eg Louis CK's joke about getting coffee)?
backdoor action
no lube used
How did that happen?
I did this too.
I applied for 5 different jobs the past few months and two weeks ago I saw that on my resume I had written down the wrong phone number.
My number ends in 0682 and I put 0684.
I called the 0684 number and a girl answered and I hung up out of embarrassment.
I know it may not be favorable money wise, but I think this is a valid excuse to go home.
I'd have to be bad at my job (which I am not), or do something malicious on purpose.
This was an accident.
Being a server fuels a lot of strange incidents.
I revel in it.
How did you send that guy to the hospital though?
I thought, oh shit, my insurance premium is going to go up again!.
I would have worried about hurting someone, but everyone had already gotten out of the way.
I messed up a lot as a kid, but this is really the first time I have fucked up something recently that was not purely self-centered since I changed my life.
Thanks for the sentiments though!
The problem with this situation is that it would obviously be awesome to just go home and wait this out in your bathroom with a Kenny G tape and a stack of Mad .
, that commute home could be one of the most perilous journies of your entire life should your GI tract decide it's bazooka time.
There are few things more uncomfortable than trying to hold back a teeming cauldron of liquid browntown while waiting for access to the bathroom.
But look out!
In your sweaty haze of gastrointestinal distress you hit a curb and flip your car, landing on the side of the road.
By the time the paramedics arrive, you'll have removed your pants and will be squirting a fire hose of chocolate body product all over an elderly couple's lawn.
After this you'll be kicked off the PTA and your bowling team, fired from your job, and have to work as a maid cleaning up other people's shit all day long.
The moral of the story is: Shit begets shit.
pro tip- the puss makes for self-lubrication !
I think you should label yourself as an .
If people can smell it, then they probably know what's up.
From the outside, it looks like a viral thing; I bet if you said that you should probably go home so that no one else gets the virus, I'm sure they'd agree.
did the Jews, but they turned out all right.
DEFCON 5 is the lowest DEFCON level.
It was all worth it though wasn't it?
Man I want a steak now.
not sure if i should upvote this or downvote it
Never laughed harder at anything on reddit.
Meat occasionally is beneficial, and I would have seen that coming from miles away.
Next time you get a craving, be wise and eat a chicken ceaser salad or something.
A can of soda is 12oz.
You basically put a can's size worth of meat into a vegan stomach.
Gonna have a bad time.
He's like family, the neighbors don't give him much attention..
Don't do that, you'll be going against their sterotypes!
Mom: "Your eyes are red.
Have you been smoking pot?"
Me: "Yeah."
Mom: "Okay."
Shit, my parents are awesome.
I just grew up with some of them.
14 oz is not bad even if you were one of us evil meat-eater fuckers.
I love all the ass dialogue, and I'm also happy your boyfriend gets anal.
Good for both of you.
as fuck.
the worst type of veggie is a veggie who isn't a veggie.
mate, if you want to eat meat, just eat it.
don't bother labelling yourself as a veggie if you say you eat meat every now and then.
you are just a gal who doesn't like meat.
Since I now have a roommate, I have to deal with two adult cats.
They shit where they want, they meow LOUD, and the LOVE trying to open closed doors.
And they do that LOUD as FUCK.
And the reward?
There is no reward.
Cats aren't affectionate, they don't come when you call them, and they definitely don't listen to any "rules".
FUCK CATS
No no no.
It doesn't work like that.
You don't just chill over .
TIL there was a difference between vegan and vegetarian.
Do as you wish.
I look forward to more weakly contemplated TIFUs.
Pussy cripples even the smartest minds.
So does large, burly, angry fathers.
Ha, what an experience.
to tell the grandkids.
The one I have goes to a certain spot in the nearby woods, and otherwise just chills.
He sits there watching, and next to me whenever I'm sitting or sleeping.
It depends on the cat's personality, I used to have one that tried to bite me and ran around meowing.
Man has been fucking great this week.
Upvote for using the terms 'bazooka time' and 'browntown' I laughed so hard I think I stained my pants
Did you handle the other cat with the jewish solution?
PS I'm a jew, so I can make this joke.
As a coeliac I would hate to have coeliac disease combined with intestines that hate meat.
Meat replacements, y u no gluten free?!?!
Ass tampon.
If like to read one of these spaghetti stories.
I am unfamiliar
My nightmares are comprised of my current condition as a celiac along with an added allergy to strawberries and being unable to tolerate meat.
I would contemplate suicide given the above hell.
I'm gonna call bullshit, any vegetarian would know the difference between vegan and vegetarian.
Nope, he got hit by a car a few years ago.
him pass away was excruciating.
For every animal you don't eat, I'm going to eat two.
Good example.
Oh my God that rules.
I need to find more lol
for some reason, 'man skirt' is always the part that gets me going.
How big/old is your monitor that a cat can sleep on it
I'm old skool - 19" CRT.
I crave higher resolution, and I'm very very poor.
:) Have had these for nearly a decade now.
Sounds more like you fucked up the other night when you let your boyfriend fuck your ass...
it's a compound problem.
I work in res/auto insurance claims, and we get calls like this all the time..I don't see how it doesn't seem like a plausible situation.
Not only do cats drink out of buckets, they do their best to make sure the bucket does everything but stay upright..
do you have res insurance you could claim it on?
I drive my girlfriend's new car and I drive it carefully.
The absolute worst drivers are those who don't give a shit about the vehicle they drive.
owns it makes no difference - the person driving is simply an inconsiderate cunt.
There are ways to be an unhealthy eater, vegetarian, vegan, or otherwise.
There are, just as easily, ways to be a healthy eater regardless of your animal-ingesting preferences.
My favorite is the people who say "Oh, yea I'm a vegetarian too!
I mean, I still eat chicken and fish, but no other meats."
Unless it has beaded seat covers then I'm sure you don't need to worry.
Also, what kind of health reasons cause you to not eat meat?
is very very important to your body.
Well worst case scenario he's someone from work who knows you partake in anal.
Out of curiosity, other than liquid browntown due to not having it for so long, why did you stop eating meat?
When people talk about systematic oppression, they're talking about codified racism.
As in, laws which specifically target or detriment a singular race.
Yes, those laws are gone.
expensive ass-steak
Did something like that.
Oh, that piece of metal I was welding isn't red any more, must be cold.
Cue BBQs finger.
, it just hardened the skin and didn't raise a blister.
I've also spotwelded a penny.
Was picking bits of metal out of my beard for 30min
I classify angry as "upset".
Sad, angry, lonely, they all fall under the category of "upset" to me.
I dunno, this all seems really sticky.
It seems like you are offended by people using that word and thinking it's okay and funny, but to admit that you are would be argumentatively detrimental.
I mean, this is all just semantics, but I dunno, the position seems a bit...I dunno how to describe it.
It's like, if you're angered by something, isn't it offensive to you by default?
But I'm not an oppressor or oppressed.
Why then should I feel any ethical burden for using the word?
You did the right thing.
dancing around the point
PFFF
FFF
FFF
FFFTTTHTHTHTHFHFHTHTHFHTHTHFHFFHFH
Person of color, here.
No, we're not.
As a longtime vegetarian, I totally get where you're coming from.
Most people who I'm not close friends with would have no idea I'm a veggie, and that's fine by me.
I hate being "that guy" everywhere I go who has to announce all his dietary restrictions.
Nope nothing so far.
Upvote for the Maddox reference.
C'mon people...Caesar...
I came.
This is a good point.
As a vegetarian the idea of consuming any meat sickens me.
OP just has a preference to avoid the effects it has on her system.
I'm having trouble seeing how a shoelace gets stuck on an accelerator pedal.
A lot of very conservative sects dress like that, for whatever reason.
I forgive you.
as far as I recall, the hardest thing to get from non-meat is omega-3.
There are many, many ways to combine foods to get sufficient amounts of protein.
At this point, pretty much.
When I met my boyfriend, I made out with this one guy the night before because I was super shitfaced.
I woke up the morning with hickies on my neck.
(I hate hickies.
That's how I know how shitfaced I was.) I just covered them up with a scarf and some makeup.
He probably noticed them but didn't say anything about it.
For all I know he could've been fucking someone else too at the time.
It doesn't matter though.
We dated, fell in love, and we're still together.
Don't say anything to girl #1 unless you are 100% sure she will find out.
You are in no way committed and saying anything now will most likely fuck it up.
Just give it time, and be honest with girl #2 that you are interesting in someone else.
OP said it was for health reasons, not artsy fartsy moral reasons, so I can see why they would break down and eat delicious flesh once in a while.
This happened to me too.
I used to have a cool red eyed turtle.
, he stopped moving.
My mom told me that it was obviously dead, and we buried the turtle.
I'm pretty sure we buried alive because I found out later from my friend, turtles tend to stay very still.
To this day I cannot get over the fact that I might have buried my turtle alive.
I don't know whether to upvote you because of Chuck palahniuk, or hate you for making me think about that story.
Upvote anyway
should proof read probablyyy :(
Did you include an email address on your resume?
Some employers email you.
I would just reapply for the jobs.
Not truly a big deal.
Oh it got past my girlfriend, my mother and I, as well as living through several versions of the resume.
copypasta.
There was an email, but employers usually only email rejections, and call for interviews.
Cry some more.
Seems like you just got away with boning your boss's daughter!
...knock on wood..
Just in case this isn't common knowledge, vitamin E (squeezed from the gelcap onto the site) is good for avoiding scars.
I cook, poorly, and can confirm this with n=2, with n=3 still healing.
stay tuned..
and sequels to "cum".
And you're the one who's pants shitting mad about it.
No proof, no belief!
Well, who used the term?
It was me, right?
Well, that's what I meant.
There.
It's really not that hard.
Was this meant to be a hard hitting rebuttal?
it didn't even make sense.
It's very simple.
I use a term.
I mean it in a certain way.
No matter how you, as a person of color, choose to use that term, it has no ramification on the content of my message, which relies solely upon my use of the term.
sidenote, i can't tell if you're a dude or a broad, but are you possibly pregnant?
It was probably the most devastating situation to happen to me while serving.
I have this one young guy come in by himself (age was probably around 20).
He looked like a pretty cool guy and so when he was ordering I tell him a quick joke.
He proceeded to laugh but problem was he was drinking water as he took a sip, problem was his laughing...turned to choking...pretty badly, problem was he passed out on me.
One ambulance later and I'm feeling like the worst guy in the whole world.
I don't see this as a fuckup.
All I could think of as I read your second paragraph was the episode of It's Always Sunny In where Dee and eat Frank's 'human meat' and have cannibalistic cravings all day.
but you're one of the good guys?
I always see shit about how vegans are self-richeous d-bags, but I never experience it.
Naaah.
It's just anger.
Come on, admit it.
I use a term.
I mean it in a certain way.
This is hilarious.
I am definitely not shocked that you're an MRA.
What is it like on your planet?!
Are you a guy or a girl?
I can't tell at this point...
Also good luck with all of satan's fury screaming out your behind.
peanut butter has more protein than meat does
I'm also a feminist who helps organize counter-protests to pro-life marches in , but somehow that one slipped your notice...
You brought that shit on yo'self.
Only time I've been able to use that literally.
(I think it was Eddie Murphy from one of his stand-up shows.
I'm thinking the red leather suit one.
I could be wrong.)
Wish you a speedy recovery!
Haha here in Canada 18 is the legal age for alcohol.
I'm also a feminist who helps organize counter-protests to pro-life marches in ,
Good for you.
Still does not negate a single thing I said, though.
The card's in the mail.
ANT
browntown
the signs the first go around isn't a big deal.
You're probably still in bud.
If you're white, you're part of the oppressing racial group, there's no way around that.
If you're white and you aren't personally racist, then don't say the word.
If you're not white and not black, then things are less black and white (ha.).
My posts are addressed solely to white people because of the OP's race.
You need a (
It really works.
The single thing you said was that I was an MRA.
The thing you implied was that being an MRA somehow makes me intellectually inferior.
So, while I may not negate the statement, I am doing a bit to negate the implication of the statement.
If you want to avoid this in the future, stop using terms like MRA as an insult.
It's no better than the shitty MRA's I constantly deal with who use the term "" as an insult.
Both sides of that argument just need to stop and realize how stupid it looks when they just monkey see monkey do all damn day.
wow, in the UK you would be allowed to take the rest of the day of sick, still get paid, and not need a doctor's note.
I am white, and I don't say the word, but I'll defend to the death another person's right to say it without being wronged in return, legally, socially, or physically.
And although I am white, I refuse to acknowledge that I am somehow an oppressor.
This is not the bible, and I do not have original sin for the skin into which I was born.
OHNOOO :(
At my dad's work a colleague of his has an allergy to gluten (she is a celiac), as well as being lactose-intolerant and having an allergy to nuts.
Great time catering for parties.
My mother is gluten-intolerant as well (not a full celiac, technically), it's just now starting to get really easy to make meals and such.
It doesnt say its a girl...
Aw man, that sucks.
I didn't know you could choke on liquids though!
He must have took a pretty big sip!
Maybe he could have said he almost died laughing...
that was probably his facebook status for awhile.
I'll be your friend I guess.
Im not sure what his was but mine was, "I always knew I could kill an audience with my humor but when the ambulance pulls up it's really a deadly situation"
This isn't about original sin, it's about history.
You are part of a racial group that benefits from its history of oppressing another racial group.
The N-word is the symbol of that racist oppression.
A white person using the word is perpetuating that history, a black person is subverting it.
without being wronged in return, legally, socially, or physically.
Of course she isn't.
You can't get pregnant from backdoor action.
Did you wash your hands?
Yikes man.
pasta pasta
pit-chew
If you didn't get fired and if you didn't have to pay for it then I would say that you had a small victory.
well, yes.
professionally, no.
but the ranch owner is coming tomorrow to see, you guessed it, the new entrance.
happiness will not abound
I'll never disparage veggers for their commitment to their cause, even as misguided as my chimp-mind perceives their denial of humanity's protein-based formation.
You should get a montage going and fix it before he comes :3
But, that's exactly why it's bad?
would call slaves "niggers" because it means lazy, so when you call someone a nigger, you're calling them a lazy slave.
really bad.
Random Fun Fact: I'm also a vegetarian, but not for health reasons.
I'm not the kind to downvote either...
I hope.
I sorta feel bad about eating animals, but I only don't eat them because it just feels wrong and weird thinking that I am eating something that was once alive and squirming.
Now, I understand that humans were made to be omnivors orhoweverthefuckyouspellit, but it's just...
Weird to ME.
I don't mind other people eating meat.
In fact, I encourage it!
another reason I don't eat meat is because if you think about it, what part of the animal are you eating?
Eugh.
And then I lose my appetite.
Some vegetarians I meat
Just got caught today too.
They threw out everything but were pretty resonable.
you should really think about moving out.
That doesn't sound like a good place to live.
What killed me is the fanny pack full of spaghetti.
It was relatively normal up until that point, but then it just slaps you in the face with a bag full of wat.
Out of all the funnies.
I label yours.
The funniest of Reddit.
It's supposed to be three animals.
some humor might fix things a bit.
One of my relatives will get puking bedridden-tier sick if he doesn't regularly eat red meat.
It's a matter of what you're accustomed to, I guess.
Though personally I plan to keep my diet varied for the rest of my life.
Anyway, have you tried to deal with the protein craving in other ways?
Eggs?
Milk?
/shakes/bars?
Also, when you say it's for health reasons, was it advocated by a doctor or was it just something you decided to try out?
It's amazing how many food intolerances and allergies there are out there, and how many people seem to have them nowadays compared to when I was a kid.
are you black?
because I am
and that shit isnt racist
I kinda just laughed.
10 minutes?
At least you didn't put aluminum foil in there.
The only thing you did was make yourself appear more attractive.
FotW just for the title IMO.
it sounds like you weren't in nearly the danger of fire that you make it sound like.
Anyway, 10 minutes is appropriate if you're doing like 4 of them at a time.
I once let a pot of veggies burn (with the lid on) on the stove, put them on to steam and totally forgot about them.
That produced approximately a metric fuckton of smoke, but no real fire risk.
the pot had heated to the point where it couldn't even be comfortably be lifted by the handle.
I guess there'd have been more risk of fire if I'd left it uncovered?
That actually doesn't look as severe as I would have expected.
I think you'll be fine.
I feel your pain, though.
Fucked up today.
all these posts makes me feel better because it makes my fuck up look so irrelevent and unimportant compared to getting fired from one's career.
Maybe he had a stroke or something...
Im sorry but I dont think this has happened to most blokes.
RES tagged as 22 year vegetarian!
as well as person who hates being tagged.
It's a bit different.
damage their intestines by autoimmune response when they eat gluten, long-term vegetarians lack a lot of the gut flora to deal with meat.
It's closer to lactose intolerance than to celiac.
we don't eat dirt anymore, our parents sterilize everything.
Our immune systems go crazy when they have nothing to attack
HE SAID THAT SOMEONE HERE ISN'T NORMAL AND THAT THIS HAPPENS TO EVERYONE.
For charity
Why the fuck don't you just use a god damn tissue like a normal person?
SHE SAID THAT SHE LEFT HER VIBRATER IN HER ASS TOO LONG AND IT GOT STUCK SO SHE SHAT IT OUT IN A PUBLIC RESTROOM
She said that she left her vibrater in her ass too long so she shat it out in a public restroom.
God, are you people deaf?
POTATOINMYANUS is a girl, my friend.
My God.
SHEHADAVIBRATERSTUCKINHERASSSOSHESHATITOUTINAPUBLICRESTROOM
DID YOU HEAR IT THAT TIME?
I read the first sentence and immediately thought your roomate cut your poop with a butterknife for you.
Jesus Christ, I keep reading stories about how people shit themselves in this subreddit.
Does everyone here have irritable bowel syndrome or what?
I thought that the effects meat has on her system was due to being vegetarian for so long?
Hown nown brown town.
Uh, I'm sorry.
Have you ever been beaten?
I've had my fair share of beatings, and a hospital stay.
I've been with plenty of friends through hospital stays.
I think it's completely, utterly mad to suggest that someone deserves physical violence for any word they may say.
If I insult you in the most heinous and offensive ways, I still do not deserve a scrap of physical violence directed at me.
If I incite violence against you and your kin, I do not deserve physical violence put upon me.
I have seen what physical violence is, and it is never clean like the fantasies put out, it is messy and chaotic.
Would the courts have forgone a manslaughter charge?
Not a chance.
As to your first point, which is far less ludicrous, I still don't see how I am perpetuating history by using a word.
But I do advocate that.
I should be able to use whatever words I choose without feeling constrained by peoples' images of words.
It's not a matter of rights, or anything like that, it's just a matter of, well, I feel like people should read deeper than that.
I guess I just go back to the old argument again.
Is it?
, I have visit his website in a while.
It's 3:1 so that the total amount of animals consumed is greater than it would be if your vegetarian "friend" hadn't decided on vegetarianism.
And when you call someone a retard, you're calling them mentally handicapped.
The thing about curse words is that they're not supposed to be positive.
yyy
So she never bothered to tell you that she was getting calls/messages for you?
Lay off the poor girl and her fiery buttpee alright
I have the weirdest steak craving right now...
Nawh, he was just kind of an asshole.
Doesn't matter now.
I still don't get how something like this happens.
Were your parked and forgot you were still on Drive?
It was her OLD number - so the calls either didn't go anywhere or went to some complete stranger.
I find it humorous that there is one small sliver of poo in your oily butt goo.
I didn't used to have a cell phone, so I dialed my girlfriend's number a lot.
Now I have speed-dial, and almost never call my cellphone.
My girlfriend's old number was just in my head, I suppose.
You only have to push out branches you want to.
Yeah, you probably don't crave protein itself, but rather the savory flavor of meat (Umami).
diets get ample protein from legumes, milk products, and eggs.
historical, casual, and institutional racism that has affected every single person who shares your skin color is the same as the bullshit you wrote.
Yeah, no.
God, newsflash.
Non-AA can point out racism too.
Idk, he calls out racism and you react like some dude from the 40's.
Are you going to call him a "nigger-lover" next?
Kinda Like how nigger is used by some black people as a term of endearment.
It's okay, buddy.
When I was 10, I was chased by a wiener dog.
It was a surprise chase, but a chase.
I love that you had to add that you had anal the night before, that makes the story that much better.
Thank you for the clarification, sir.
Did you ever see his recipe for the manliest sandwich?
I don't recall it off hand or even where to find it on his website, but I made it once and it was delicious.
Bonus points for you if you can find it for my lazy ass.
You work at a grocery store but you guys dont carry condoms, and the alarm doesnt call the police?
hmmm wow sounds like a shithole store, but congrats on getting pussy.
make sure the tag is green!
it'd be insensitive otherwise!
It is, were a hometown store.
We can't afford that hightech top shit and yes we don't carry condoms were a population of 5000 people.
Makes mad sense bro...
Ink tastes minty
yea this is exactly what I was thinking.
The fuck up was I tried to fight an oil fire with water.
Wow you must love pot more than having a place to live.
stoned is not more fun than being homeless.
I mean where would you store the milk for your cereal?
Makes mad sense bro
I actually don't smoke weed anymore, I didn't much care for it.
It's less the whole "My parent's won't let me smoke weed" think and more the fact that his parents are being fucking Nazis are about it.
Get over it.
I'm sure you will find the right one.
feel you on this one.
completely bonkers to realize, oh I'm inside someone...
At least you have 2 jobs man, I cant even find one.
Learn the hard way.
What's with all this interracial butt fucking these days?
I did the same kind of thing with a poptart once.
the directions and next thing I know, my kitchens full of smoke and we had to throw out the microwave.
I know that feel bro, I know that feel.
I can top that.
A guy I met through scout activities:
Deadly airborne nut allergy.
to milk protein.
Gluten allergy.
Egg allergy.
Turn all that wallet shit off so that bastard can't take more money.
You did that, right?
resume WITHOUT an E-Mail on it?
Just tell her to say that she meant "hot" as in "running a fever".
She already said she meant hot as in sexy.
In my experience nobody is more offended by "nigger" than a certain kind of suburban white boys.
And there are plenty examples for words losing their power through usage, the best one being "cunt":
"Cunt" is still incredibly strong in the US, because made sure to keep it a rare and powerful insult.
In and parts of the UK, "cunt" is pretty powerless because it's as overused as "asshole".
You're the only black person on SRS though, versus many thousands of black people not on SRS.
(Or at least you claim to be black.) Is SRS your full time job?
There are many examples of words losing their power through usage, the best one is "cunt".
"Cunt" is still incredibly strong in the US, because made sure to keep it a rare and powerful insult.
In and parts of the UK, "cunt" is pretty powerless because it's as overused as "asshole".
I usually say "Sorry I don't eat meat" when offered some as opposed to "I'm a vegetarian".
I find it works better.
You sure that's not just from not having eaten meat in a while?
I know my friend who's also a vegetarian accidentally ate some asian food that had some meat in it that his girlfriend had neglected to inform him of.
Let's just say there are people out there who have shared your pain :-/
Check out (
The idea that vegetarians don't get enough protein is simply not true, especially since we consume milk and egg products, along with stuff like beans, nuts, soy, quinoa, etc.
Vegans have it even harder, but they can make do nonetheless.
AFAIK, the biggest health concern is B12 deficiency and it's pretty much limited to vegans that have been vegans for a long time (and, as a side note, elderly people).
And even then I think they can buy supplements.
Yes but in the OP post it was said that
rarely cheat, maybe once or twice a year when I'm craving protein
which I took it to mean a no-protein diet that had a side-effect of being a vegetarian.
Ah, okay, I take it back.
Silly OP.
circlejerk wants a photo of this fiery buttpee you speak of, probably.
I don't know, it's 7:30 in the morning and I'm hungover and trying to be witty.
why did she attack you?
If you're the kind of person that teabags people, I think I can understand why.
I hate to say it but you did fuck up and its important that it be recognized.
yes, the social stigma that kinky folks face is huge (I really feel your pain there).
that said...
you brought a drunk girl home and, while drunk yourself, decides to initiate bdsm play.
while I understand why you thought it was a good idea, the fact is that bdsm and alcohol never mix well and you're looking at a textbook case example of why.
drunk consent is not consent (at least not for bdsm) and uninformed consent is not consent either.
next time you meet a stranger for sex, make sure they at least know what it involves eh, and try to stay away from the really drunk ones.
I think this guy should play with traffic.
This entire subreddit is all fake stories I can't stand this fantasy neckbeard bullshit.
Moral of the story: Learn to embrace your shits
I've been a vegan for only a little over a year or so and never get these urges.
I'm just curious, what do you think makes you feel these cravings so strongly?
Is it just thinking about the taste of it?
And why ARE you a vegetarian?
Is it environmental reasons, moral/ethical reasons (animal rights)?
I'm just looking for a glimpse into reasons why a person would.
How would a vegetarian be able to answer that question?
Look at her reply post further down the page about the reasons for quitting
Oh, my bad, I reddit as "old girlfriend"
Yeah if someone spilled coffee over my books and tablet and me, i'd be pretty angry, accident or no.
Shit's expensive yo.
I wish I had a story like this to tell.
My best "and then I got sacked" story involves food poisoning.
(sacked = fired, not sure if that's clear across all cultures as it could easily mean fucked too)
A no-protein diet is not a thing (well, it probably is, but it will kill you relatively fast).
OP is talking about avoiding meat due to an intolerance.
protein isn't all weird lentil stuff, it's also peanut butter and baked beans.
I think you mistook this subreddit for
sauce pl0x
And no, first time I've ever teabagged someone lmao
stalks.
Since you're not ethically against it, it sounds like it would actually be healthy for you to insert a bit of meat into your diet.
Not everyday or anything, but more often than once or twice a year.
I remember unintentionally going vegetarian for about 10 days, and then eating a hot dog.
I can't imagine what it's like after a whole year.
Who learned from his dad, who learned from his dad.
I can guarantee you that this is not fake.
Sorry son, but yes lots are overboard.
YOU ARE THE FUCK UP OF THE WEEK, 6/2/12 ..
and by far one of the best ones too :D
make habeneros look like bell peppers
How about breaking your reed in a bassoon solo?
Feels bad man
Dude, this gives you fuck-all of expertise.
I'm half Irish.
Do I know anything about the racial slurs my ancestors suffered because of their ethnicity?
Does my Irish racial heritage give me any authority to judge what is or what is not racist towards Irish people?
Would it be appropriate for me to tell another Irish person that the racial slur they were offended by was meant in jest and they have no right to be offended?
God the fuck No!
, buddy, your race means nothing in this discussion.
You may as well be a WASP.
People would pay just as much attention to you.
argumentative avoidance; "He made a comparison?
Attack the comparison, not the argument!"
I'm glad there wasn't a "lol but yolo"
My disagreement was based on his comparing mean things done to HIM versus mean things done to an entire RACE.
If you or him can't understand the difference you guys are beyond hope.
I know, I know, you're just learning about things like straw men and argumentative avoidance and were excited to use it and sound like a big boy.
I forgive you.
Aw isn't that cute.
Don't feel too bad about the first part.
I actually know a few people who would be vegetarians if they just didn't enjoy steaks.
But in this economy, just think you probably only got a few call backs, if any at all.
Zing!
Just go back slowly so your body has the opportunity to start producing the necessary enzymes again:
Yes, that could have been real bad.
But haha that does sound awkwardly funny, the best kind of funny.
Yeah, you shouldn't call people retards either.
Funny how you think baseless broad statements are any better than cherry picking evidence.
Anyone who takes a wallet and doesn't turn it in deserves to have all his/her treasured items stolen.
That's just wrong.
Hope you get everything sorted out.
You did it in full knowledge of what you had to get done.
Self-inflicted.
, bright yellow tubes = gas.
Also, if there is a gas leak don't stick around and try to fix it.
Open outside doors and windows if you can safely and get out.
Call the gas company or 911 (Source:
I have a friend who's dad tried to cover up a pipe he hit when digging outside.
He's been in a mental institution for close to 20 years with absolutely no memory.
I think some people do have to have a practically no-protein diet for (
I'm not claiming that being black gives me any 'expertise'.
I'm saying that people redefined the word racist to be as simple as saying a word.
Look, the kid should have never called his mother a nigger.
Its disrespectful to the woman that brought him into this world.
He should be ashamed for that because obviously his family is ashamed of him.
, racism is more than calling somone a nigger or a Taig (Irish).
Racism would be not hiring a black man over a white man of equal qualifications just because of his race.
Now I know that the kid called him mom a nigger as an insult and that is quite racist.
But that doesn't make him a racist because he doesn't seem to have a deep seeded hatred of black people and seems sorry for his actions.
Also: ccchuros, thank you for the oppurtunity for me to explain myself in further detail at a more reasonable time and for adding to this discussion.
Ya, and you too, faggot
That's...that's poo.
one of the funniest things I've read in a long time.
Great detail.
Video.
Didn't.
I assume it blew up?
why does he have no memory?
Doo doo baby
He passed out from the gas and by the time they found him he had suffered massive brain damage.
You just went full potato.
Never go full potato.
The whole story was the reason why the OP's a vegetarian.
I am 26 and have been vegetarian for health reasons (not ethical) for about 8 years.
It steaked a horrible revenge.
Only reason OP's a vegetarian is so she doesn't drop the kids off at the pool every 5 seconds.
I've heard of immune system problems being solved by going to vegetarianism.
There's this wrestler, Daniel Bryan, he had problems with his liver so he had to stop eating meat.
Poor guy...
bacon was his favorite food.
Upvote for "flood of micturition."
That's actually awful :(.
I laugh at these things but this one just made me sort of sad.
lucky son of a bitch
That was super helpful.
What would I do without fellow like you who take the time to clarify what I already know.
Nice dude!
forward to the update posts!
Just reapply with the correct number.
We're long past "wood" here, I think.
Never heard that definiton of "sacked" before.
Source?
This clearly wasn't a fuck up.
This is geneous.
Thanks man, exactly my thaughts but i guess i'll just have to live with female eyebrows for some time now x3
Thats fucked up man, jobs should teach employees these things.
At work someone taped tin foil on the top of the microwave andbi started it.
Reddit looked up and the microwave was on fire, shit was fucked
Even if it was a water line...
unhooking it would have sent water spraying everywhere.
What the fuck is "personal culture?" You don't words very well.
This happened to me at a gas station too.
Hate those bastards
Well everyone has their own life experiences, that forms the way they view a culture from a personal point of view.
UK here, 10 mins is pretty normal?
Do you guys have extra powerful microwaves?
I cancelled my credit card, and called my insurance company, but I don't think there is much I can do about the or I.D.
theft.
I called the local police department to report the missing wallet, but they said they can't do anything but hope it turns up.
Do you think the gas station would let me review the security tapes?
Thanks, I appreciate it.
People are members of larger groups.
The characteristics of those groups are their culture.
You don't get to have an individual culture.
Also: While you can decide there are no racial overtones to white people using the word "niggers," hardly anyone will agree you.
People can't expect to be taken seriously when they invent their own definitions of words.
ya, bunch of shitheads.
"I can count to potato!"
I'm guessing he forgot to poke holes in it, although my microwave only takes 7min, 4 on one side 3 on the other.
TIL that american apartements dont have an automatic gas cutoff Oo.
It was darwin who fucked up this time.
That sounds painful.
So, I'm guessing you gave him something special to make up for it then, right?
Yeah I just feel like complete shit
Please don't feel like shit, acciddents happen.
Go take care of him, give him extra attention.
It is a legal requirement for an organization to allow you to review any material that they hold relating to you, as the data subject.
Uhm..
You gotta source to go with that?
It's an 1100W microwave.
That's pretty average here, what is the average in the UK?
better be his naughty nurse if you want any chances...
I can small it from here.
Janet!
You said I was the biggest you've ever had!
Is it racist that I want to eat the white guy?
He looks more appetizing.
Deny Deny Deny...even when you see your self on the video claim to him "that doesnt look like me!!"
Why yes I'd like to see the tape of those young girls from earlier.
, sir.
That's right...pay for that soda...you whore.
Icyhot is a fetish for me.
you must be really strong and fast to break his leg
Dear ,
We would like to hire you but seeing as this is an email...
All honesty accidents happen and if it was one he wont be pissed.
I mean if he was watching you and you knocked those off the cherry picker BY ACCIDENT then he shouldn't be mad.
Its like the time I got mustard on my managers face when the bottle failed.
Better start making those sammiches.
Ha that's actually not a bad idea I'll keep that in mind
This is very offensive and sexist.
Tell that bitch you're sorry.
im sorry i had to tell you to start making sammiches.
We all know they should of already been ready.
Ahh!
The only probable thing to do is ruuun!
masturbators use cum shippingcontainers
Good response.
We don't really know what's in this person's heart so perhaps it would be best not to jump to conclusions based on one incident of throwing out a racial slur.
, for all we know he could actually have a deep-seeded hatred for black people.
It's impossible for us to tell based on what we know about this person.
This community certainly likes its snap judgments though.
I'm no better...
hell, my post was pretty judgmental towards your point of view.
Sorry about that.
How long were you shaving that pun for?
through OP's posting history.
Found ( (NSFW)
disturbed.
Also, the whole situation isn't as horrifying as you think it is.
Look on the bright side, it'll be a fun story to tell in two months!
He must be a sheltered wuss.
No offence to anyone.
I try my best.
Hahaha I think that is my favorite gif now.
Are they paying for college?
If so, stay and stop smoking I guess.
You have my sympathies.
If they're not, and you're old enough, move out, work, and smoke as much pot as you want away from their paranoid tyranny.
fabulous homosexual
The Data Act 1998 is a United Act of
and to think people give a hard time for assuming everyone is in the US.
I would assume is in the US because he said "gas station" and not "petrol shoppy-whoppy."
As soon as I hit "sideways," I started rocking back and forth saying oh god.
status: back to square 1.
I talked to my mom on the phone as I came from fapping.
I'm sure of you did it at a school, you would have left it there.
High five.
Not all homosexuals are 'fabulous' you stereotyping bigot scum.
Oh no, she's single.
Has been for a long time.
I'm sure he Lol'd inside.
be a man
If it's the 3rd one, you're in a heck of trouble!
You, sir, (for you are surely male), are a poet.
You are correct, and your means of reaching that conclusion were incredible.
Being single doesn't mean that she can't be dating others.
It takes quite a few dates to be officially in a relationship.
But don't worry, you didn't cheat on her.
Go on more dates and if you click well, ask her to be your girlfriend.
There are levels of drunk.
Not the same.
I'm not going to fault OP as I have driven drunk before.
Many people have, and though we can reduce drunk driving we can't eliminate it.
It's an unfortunate reality of life, and it's more that tragic when good people are killed.
But again, no one is in control of what others in general do.
Just think...
in about 2 years you will have a great story to tell!
1) It'll be a funny story when he recovers.
2) It made me chuckle.
3) He's probably not in pain at the moment, and although he has to wear a casket for some time (I assume), the pain is already over.
4) Oh, and four, you can be his naughty nurse, as someone else pointed out.
This is fun regardless.
"she" is actually a lava lamp now.
Hope he has insurance.
Broke my knee several years ago.
Hope his leg break wasn't too bad.
EDIT: I want to emphasize - shit happens.
Just do the good gf routine.
You didn't do it on purpose.
Just fucked up.
It's all good.
Ex-boyfriend.
knowdatfeel.jpg
That was very lucky
That was 8th grade, and who cares?
You said she was hot right?
Who wouldn't have an erection
He should drink more milk.
Count your lucky stars she didn't drop you like a sack of potatoes.
She sounds like a great girl!
hopefully he wont have to wear a ( because that'd mean, you know, he's dead and all.
"Casket." This does not mean what you think it means.
month!!
don't feel to bad about it.
My old man rolled a golf buggy earlier this year and broke his workmates leg.
they don't do DUIs out on the golf course.
After everything, they are still good mates and still play golf together.
Hope you guys stay together.
It is probably too late now but you could have probably recovered your files with a recovery program like (
That's a big mistake.
I did something similar with a rental house application where I had my ex gf as my referee.
I had filled out the forms, broke up with her, handed them in, she left terrible feedback on me, didn't get the house.
Handed in new forms the next week with a different referee and I got the house.
I poke holes in it and cook it for 2 minutes then turn it over and do 2 minutes again if I microwave it.
I think you meant cast.
If he was in a casket he would be dead.
np :)
Sounds like something I would do too.
I get loopy when I'm super tired.
You should definitely check your feces for those two pennies.
And did you still drink the energy drink afterwords?
You better fucking do this.
But also in this economy, those callbacks are precious, precious unicorns.
If you're gonna be sexist, at least use the correct grammar.
Is this the boyfriend that broke up with you last week?
An ex would be one who can escape
Today you made me laugh really hard by breaking your boyfriends leg.
Yeah I ended up drinking the energy drink although I probably spilled about half of it.
I got home safe.
I'll check my shit later.
I have to get up early tomorrow too :/
Anal.
And anal.
good stuff man!
im happy it worked out in the end
Woo .
And Tandem biking.
And cause I feel bad.
if only the rest of the male population was as lucky as you, finding such an awesome woman.
today you fucked up by not following the TIFU rule number 1
TSFU
Would you prefer that i lied and told you it happened today?
Gotta give your acronym props
offered to pay out of my tips
Yup, it checks out...
move along, nothing to see here
anal, his fucking leg is broke
That's not really a fuck up at your end though.
Its more like you have established dominance.
Next time he does something you don't like, you can go, "Hey, remember that time I broke your leg ?
Don't make me fuckin do it again!".
applause
I was lolin as soon as i read the title.
but i m feelin bad now.
btw you dont use siri ?
hope you asked the director for another opportunity ...
all the best
Don't let others judge you.
WTF SINCE WHEN IS IT SHARK WEEK
:) I just thought it was rude of people to even say that!
. I still love who I am.
:D Thank you!
for some reason the casket comment is making me giggle a lot
can we see it?
Here's my two cents; you fucked up.
Genius
You have another chance with a clearly amazing person, show her you can be trusted.
Trust is like glass, once broken only intense heat can make it whole again.
A homeless nigga that lives outside my house coulda used dat change lil nigga.
But shit, you are watchu eat.
So, you is literally money bruh.
Almost 9 years after high school and I hardly talk to any of the people I graduated with, and I am a very social person.
It won't matter in the end because you will all grow apart anyways.
Yeah, I mostly fucked up because I dealt with my doubts/anxieties about being tired + around people for so long in an unhealthy way.
It wasn't a loss for my class as it ways a loss for me personally.
mfw casket
Well then that homeless man can go dig through his shit for it.
Ten minutes for ONE potato?
I swear, that whole country is just ridiculous.
TIL you can microwave Pop Tarts.
Nope, they have them.
THis made me laugh the most.
Darn caskets anyways.
I hope he dumped you.
That's cool, but it's not like you guys were exclusive so..
Good for you man
So technically it was a skype threesome.
That's some real shit on a whole notha level tho.
Learn to hold your liquor young nigga
FYI, I have had opposable thumbs since before I was born, thank you very much
You flip the potato over half way?!
I think mine is 750W, maybe 650W.
What this guy said.
6 years later I may talk to 6 or so people from hs out of a class of 800.
It's better after the fact because the people who matter tend to stick around.
That and you'll meet way more people you share a lot in common with post HS.
Maybe to just get the closure you seem to seek, have some buddies over and talk about how things went down at this event?
Good keep us informed please.
I wanna see how this ends...
That hurt to read.
Please don't put that image in my head, sir...
Noice.
Though everywhere else on Reddit they say her mentioning grandkids is insta-bail.
Thank you so much.
Might not have an iPhone (or 4S)?
"petrol shoppy-whoppy."
I didn't think so
It wasn't, the change was in the same hand gripping the bottle.
You're a lucky guy!
How long have you guys been together?
Don't grandmas knock anymore?
Mine kept throwing a fit when I locked the bathroom door to use it.
be trippin'.
Still in the Dark Ages of ...some day, I'll get me an iPhone and join all the cool kids.
It's a betrayal of trust.
Not mine.
grandmas be trippin'
They had met 2 weeks ago, and more or less just had their first date.
He doesn't owe her anything yet.
It's quite possible she's seeing/hooking up with other people as well at the moment.
Man this is a terrible account...
In another post he said he did tell her and they are still dating because of that.
The thing is she already knew but in the end probably liked that he manned up about it.
People are strange creatures, I would also have shut up about it.
On a late night TIFU read, but this happened to a guy in high school.
The teacher declared it even because of the time he threw a stapler at the guy for sleeping in class.
It was going to go over his head, but he woke up.
Then dodged it in time.
It was underhand, but there is still a dent in the wall of that classroom from the stapler incident.
It is now covered by a cabinet, for obvious reasons.
Can ya not lock your doors ?
if you are what you eat then 50 cent must've made this same mistake...
YESSS!!!
I'm glad it turned out better in the end.
Also hoped you learned a valuable lesson.
Thanks for the update.
In my family, people knock but they don't wait for a response before they burst through the door.
You know mahhnigga, you are absolutely correct.
By all accounts, there was no mention of exclusivity by either party involved.
That being said, OP seems really into her, so that counts for something.
I think if anything, it places a certain degree of pressure (and for lack of a better word: guilt) on him to come clean about this.
Please note, guilt isn't quite the word I'm looking for.
I only mean to convey that he feels responsible for his actions toward her because of the large amount of emotion he's placed into this budding relationship.
All of this aside, congrats OP, you've found one hell of a woman!
How many PM's asking for your skype you got?
Make it +1.
Yeah, obviously, she wasn't being entirely serious...
Yeh, I thought so, i just couldn't quite imagine that scene and that joke really going, though i get you'de be relieved so you wouldn't care, lol.
Good job!
Now lets not fuck it up!
There is no such thing as privacy in my family.
knows everything about anything and anyone.
It's both sides of my family and my in laws.
It was completely mortifying growing up.
Imma treat this like a fortune cookie and add "in bed" to the end.
Keeps things different.
You, sir, are an honorable man.
I have no higher praise to give.
May you and your lady have a long and wonderful life together.
Maybe she just sees a bit farther down the road than you.
Not a bad thing, I think.
Onus?
Burden?
I have not found this to be true, but then again, I've noticed that the field I'm in doesn't seem to conform to the norm.
Start all posts with "TIFU" in the Title
Oh you can lock the door, but that makes them that much more intereseted with what you are doing.
At that point they either ask you a million questions or come back with a hanger and pick the lock.
This has almost happened to me so many times.
I've stopped risking it.
Am I...
interrupting anything?"
Get Iris FTW !!!
well atleast would have an android phone ?
get iris if not siri
Sounds like a very wise and nice girl!
Treat her well and have a good life!
=D makes me feel better about it all
i hope that guy was recording, the caught videos are the funniest XD
Yea no idea why just the way i was taught.
italian grandmas?
hope you'll not be waking up with a dead horse's head in your bed.
or with concrete shoes.
oh wow.
glad that turned out well, i was really thrilled reading your story.
sounded just like in some hugh grant movie.
from now on watch your drinking behaviour and worship her like a goddess.
That's some luck you've got over there man!
Wish i could say these things!
Hahaha skype sex.
You people are freaks.
No offence
That's awesome man
think of it this way if she were to find a locked door she would more suspischo of the activity that is going on behind it.
sorry I can't spell for my life.
I sent out about 20 cover letters that said 'dear sir or madman'
I think everyone's had a situation like that at some point in time.
. , good thing it was just a lecture you received.
We call it "skyperbating"
did she see the guys wang?
she would have been like hey hey.
"Do you need a hand, luv?"
truth that shit happens when you party topless...
man!
Hope you guys live happy.
Crush everyone's dreams why don't ya?
That's when you stop driving for a few hours because you are too exhausted.
This is actually an incredibly helpful way to look at mistakes...
Where is she from though?
You said she spoke in a non- language
Sooo, how was breakfast?
You're a prick and most people have done it before, making you the freak.
No offense.
It wasnt to 4chan.
:p And people are just assholes.
Haha Oh well, I didnt take anything from it.
If you go to my page, I put it up on "firstimpression" subreddit.
I am pretty sure this is illegal.
to have that degree of certainty i trust you are a lawyer.
as one, guesswork like this makes me mad
Great question
I didn't come here to judge, but I need to point out:
The 2nd date.
That's when you get to do the weird stuff.
I cook mine in microwave for 8 minutes, turn and 4 minutes.
Works fine for me.
I realize that now...
He survived?
Then what the fuck, she didn't fuck up...?
SEX EWWW
How sheltered are you
I was wondering about the granny not liking you part, until you said you have lady bits.
what kind of granny doesn't like her grandson!?
I can see a granny being judgmental toward a granddaughter, though.
Next time, if you have a laptop, perhaps stay in bed and use it under the covers.
I wouldn't say most, but it's hardly weird.
[Are these the droids you are looking for?](
My personal fave is 'taking the Browns to the '
Pre-selection is a primary attraction trigger in women.
They don't LIKE it when you sleep with other women, but they respond to it positively (unless you're in a serious serious relationship...
then only sometimes)
How sheltered are you?
FTFY, I'm a grammar Nazi.
I look forward to seeing the recording of this on efukt you when you break up with your boyfriend.
I've never done it, but I've done a WHOLE lot of other things.
It doesn't make him a freak for never doing it.
I've never even masturbated once in my entire life, but on the other hand, I've had sex with a lot of people...like a whole lot.
Too many.
I'm semi disgusted with myself even thinking about it.
People have different experiences, and they shouldn't feel ashamed of what they have or haven't done.
Damn keep us updated and I hope things work out well
That's the one.
You are a king among men, sir.
At least you weren't caught sex skyping WITH your grandma !
I hope a video of that ends up on Reddit.
She's a very conservative woman and she didn't buy the "I was hot" excuse.
She figured it out pretty swift but just gave me a lecture(thank the gods).
Let's hope she'll stay cool when the video shows up.
Once again...
family...
secrets tend to be well kept.
But she's a nosy ol' lady.
(you are one of those retards)
(you are cute)
You must be 14-17 years old and extremely virginal.
Thank you for your opinion ma nigga.
You truly made an impact on the world.
Stamp
You should have used the 'i always internet browse nude' excuse
You never know, some people reckon three's a crowd but you'd have to try it to find out.
Adds a whole new group dynamic to Skype's conference feature...
We're going to need pictures of these lady bits.
there was nothing wrong with what he said.
said "your okay Vince" which is possessive hence why dropthegrammarhammer used whose.
"Ah didn't know you were home sis, yeah I always internet naked with a raging boner"
not gonna lie.
i yelled out "FUCK YEAH" after reading this.
Go, be merry.
She wasn't having nonna that.
i think it has to do with the vegan = vegetarian misconception.
My theory is that the moist air gives the scent something to latch on to.
I spelt my name wrong.
it was spelled right in my email and wrong on the resume.
fml
you're welcome ;p
Check in an hour.
Ha, or fudging the prcelain.
you say you don't speak a word italian, yet youre able to spell out exactly what she said to look it up?
My family isn't .
They're just nosy with no sense of respect for someone's privacy.
Y'know what really helped?
Moving over a thousand miles away.
This calls for an award :D
Plus, sometimes you can tell if someone has their period.
It's a coppery smell.
It's pretty obvious.
She literally wrote it down for me afterwards.
She wanted to use so my grandfather didn't know.
If only.
got no place to go until I get my apartment in the city in .
My dad's bluffed on me a few times..
They were suspicious that I had gotten my ex, that they hate, but I wouldn't confess to it cause i'd be fucked even more.
So my dad calls me and says he talked to him and my ex told him he came over, I caved.
Didn't go well.
umm..
cadillacs and 50 cents?
"SLUTS DO NOT GET BREAKFAST"
Uh, heh, awkward...
my mom's not around anymore.
And this was my uncle, grandma and her husband, my 3rd grandfather basically.
But good suggestion anyway!
Not telling, sorry.
Long before I met her I was of the view that her country produces the most beautiful women I've ever seen.
She only confirmed it.
Not only , Puerto Rican grandmas be trippin too
Then we see a post: TIFU by letting our 16 year old stay at home alone.
tell them to fuck themselves.
get your own place.
smoke weed while you pack your shit up
Yeah you fucked up.
for the shit storm
That same thing happened to me 2 months ago, except i was already 2 days into the trip.
NOW YA PISSED GladOS OFF!
I know exactly how lucky I am, believe me.
I have no idea what I've done to deserve it, or why it's me and not any number of other men who'd step into my shoes.
But there we have it.
I'm just going to try really hard to Do It Right.
OP delivers.
Wise words.
I can't promise I'll be the perfect man to her, but she won't ever have to doubt my trustworthiness from now on.
Go get magnesium citrate, my friend took it and shit out 11 lbs between the shit and water weight he lost, drink lots of water though or you will get dehydrated.
Oh, she's real.
I had my doubts myself, but she is.
I wish there were enough like her that we could have one each.
Yeah, she's extraordinary.
I'll do my best, it's the least she deserves.
Can't you make something up?
There is a gonewild couples in case you didn't know.
How did she found out?
That's the part I'm confused about
Sooo...
PM me for my skype username if you know what I mean..
If she does this on a regular basis, she deserved a lot worse.
Even kids get a smack if they go around hitting people for no reason.
Hey man, it's alright.
You didn't know.
Well before I met up with her, she bumped into some of my friends, who were laughing and joking about the predicament I had got myself into.
So how's the weather?
People fuck up.
The fact that you're aware of the situation you've created shows that you're more competent than you think.
Own up to it and get back to work.
I'm now grounded for this, my dad found out.
Aw girl, I feel for you!
Do you think she is going to tell your parents or other family members?
How would you react if she did?
Could any of the people at the breakfast table have understood her ?
I had a very similar incident to yours about a year ago, but with a hilarious lost-in-translation moment between my Korean grandmother and my father.
I had been having some seriously kinky phone sex with my boyfriend when she walked in.
She was so horrified and enraged that she charged to my father's work place since her own daughter (who speaks Korean) was out of town.
She burst into his office in the middle of the meeting and starts making obscene gestures and screaming in a language no one in the room understood.
I tried to hold her back, but to be honest?
My father tried to clear the room, but just like me, people wanted to stay and see how this worked out.
HANDPHONE SINNER!
SEXY PHONE!"
Then my father's secretary, perhaps the most ingenious person in the world, walks up to her with an iPad opened to a translator.
From there my grandmother spouts garbled Korean-to- translation from google in front of the crowd, with such glorious lines as: "He said he put your hand into his pants, nine!"
Then my father was confused as to where my grandmother's accusations of him having gay sex were coming from.
Let's just say my mom came home early.
But I did get to have breakfast.
And maybe it was because you didn't show off your lady bits you got breakfast.
:P She can really only tell my dad.
Lucky for me she doesn't like my dad too much!
Which I think is why she resents me...
No one could understand her as far as I could tell.
Dinner was also pretty awkward I must say!
We just did not talk.
But I did get to eat.
I think your middle paragraph about her hand signs was my favorite by the way!
Thanks for letting me know I'm not alone!
to popular belief situps are quite bad for your back and there are other alternatives to abs.
I recommend taking on p90 or insanity 60(if youre hardcore).
Also remember most of the results you see come from diet so you need to feed yourself accordingly
you got into a wreck..
Did someone run the light and hit you?
Did you run the light and hit them?
Either way, that sucks man.
I hope you're all right.
That's a good approach.
You might get some shit from them, but you're owning up to your own mistake.
To me it looks like you've learned from this too, so hopefully they'll see that and not be too hard on you.
Good luck, man.
I wish you luck.
I work in the hospitality industry.
Are there going to be repercussions?
Where i work, if someone loses a master key, that employee will get a disciplinary.
As it is quite a serious issue.
Also possibly letting people in and charging them as there was more than one person occupying rooms that should have been empty.
We got all the locks reprogrammed and the employee was given a good talking to.
They did it again a few months after and lost their job.
But anyway, master keys are a responsibility.
All you can do is apologize and maybe figure out some way to help rectify the situation.
In future just be more careful.
Maybe clip the keys to your belt loop or something?
Also, don't feel bad about not being good at your job.
If its your first job in this industry, In time you'll become more experienced and better at the job.
Most jobs in the hospitality industry aren't as easy as they seem.
I did that with an electric stove that is completely flat.
I am now completely scared of those things and will not touch them regardless of how hot they are, because the warning light was not on on the one I burnt myself on D:
stereotype woman cant drive, goes thru red light, hits me
I was creeped, then I checked your username.
Looks like you got off lucky considering the speed
Yeah, throwup smell tends to hang around.
Use some shake n' vac or whatever the equivalent in your country is on the carpets.
cleaner for the furniture and keep some doors and windows open to air the place out.
Also, febreeze helps after its been properly cleaned up.
If all else fails, own up and be sure to let your parents know you realize that you fucked up and you regret it.
Most people over indulge on alcohol when they first start drinking.
Let your parents know that you have now learned your limits when it comes to drinking and it wont happen again.
pics pls
I am imagining this entire thing going down in my mom's Korean accent and I am laughing my goddamn ass off.
So someone hit you?
If that is the case, they fucked up, you did not.
That honkey grandma be trippin'
you see that sporting event?
Safe to assume VTEC kicked in, yo?
by his name I'd say he raped the car in front of him going 55MPH.
How fast is 90 km/h in mph?
I'm too lazy to figure it out
Uhhh...you wish your hotel was that secure.
They'll make a new set of keys down at the hardware store.
Then they will take all the cylinders out of the locks and put the keys in them.
They will put them in a box.
They will shake the box.
Then they will put the cylinders back.
tl;dr: fixable.
That's utter bullshit dude.
If you are new to this job, and others are obviously aware of this, then they are also liable. THEY knew the new kid had the master key set.
Oh, YOU caused a huge breach in security?
Having all the keys to every door in an entire building in one key-set...
that's a huge breach in security.
Didn't they realize before they put all the keys to every door in an entire building in that key-set that if it were to be lost it would cost quote a bit of money to replace?
So fuck it, if they want to be dicks, you can pull out those cards.
You're not the only one liable here if shit goes sour, legally.
i saw it.
that one play where the guy ran really fast was NUTZ.
Your friends must be completely brain-dead and lack even the most basic judgement skills.
That's the only way that makes any sense whatsoever
It was propably made of tarmac anyways so it didnt matter
because you admitted it.
Not to be nosy, but...
Has your sad moved away?
Or is he...?
you'll be fine dude dont even sweat it.
It's shocking how much managers/owners are care free and will listen.
It's your first big mistake as long as you aren't late or slacking around then you'll be ok.
Don't stress bro.
I assume you meant dad.
I'm staying with my grandma for the weekend.
I live with my dad for summer.
Had to move in with him because my mom well...
ya know.
Ohh, ok, thanks.
Yeah, I meant dad.
Damn iPod keyboard D:
Don't resign.
Also, let us know how this works out, or at least me, as you have gotten me interested.
I'm glad that you're alright.
Car accidents are terrifying.
I have, I will try p90 as soon as my friend finds his dvd of it.
Could you at least tell a region?
That sounds like me in middle school.
Still a fuck up in my mind
You should try a V8, you do not have to wait til 5k RPMs to get the power you need.
j/sing
It's only one maybe two scratches, you'll live.
For future reference, do not ever throw water on an oil fire.
The oil is very hot, so when water hits it, the water evaporates and scatters bits of flaming oil everywhere.
, you can throw baking soda on an oil fire to put it out.
Good on you for having the guts to come clean to her.
You have a second chance, it is extremely unlikely that you will get a third.
Be more careful with the drinking in the future - you have personal experience now that it screws up your judgement.
Best wishes to you both.
Lost keys can be found.
But that was what it translated to when I looked it up.
Having a resume free of grammar, spelling or other errors is critical even if the error isn't in the contact information.
The assumption is that if you put so little effort and attention to detail into your resume, you will do the same on the work you are assigned at the company.
For your next trick, you need to try burning water.
I'm curious how fast we were really going now (August of 2010, accident going to a friend's party, there were 4 of us in the car)
...and then shows the post to his daughter, who sees from the comments that you don't think she is hot.
Alaska won't be far enough.
My favourite part was when Louis Jumped REALLY high.
disdain
I like to imagine that there are specialist eyebrow barbers that meet once a year to test themselves in feats of eyebrow barbery.
Eat something with a shit load of chilli sauce in it and drink a heap of water.
Nazi, you can go in the trash.
Would have got you through there before getting hit.
Edit: is it technically grammar nazi-ism to call someone out for making up a word?
The boss is most likely a let alone in this Sub-Reddit.
It would be bad news though.
They'll get over it :)
The Buzz costume was out of left field...
totally had to re read that tl;dr
Nonnas, they move swiftly.
Oh dang did I miss it then?!
I'm sorry haha I feel like a prick.
So sorry this happened to you!
I don't suppose so.
none the less thanks for sharing your story, reddit is enriched by your contribution.
have some up votes!
A person hit you.
Gender is irrelevant.
You gave him the best present of all, a birthday he'll never forget.
You did well.
Don't be that guy :( but seriously, it was an accident.
His folks will be fine.
You did the worm in a Buzz costume?
I am impressed.
Who the hell is ok with having their 21st birthday party be a family event anyway?
, it was a complete accident, and any reasonable human being would see that and forgive you.
upvoted once I read "I was that guy".
lol, at least you got a hilarious story out of it.
Good luck with his parents, and dance on Buzz!
If you want to make good with the parents, either buy them another cake like the one they ordered or offer to pay for it.
Shit man, you must have the thinnest skin ever!
That's crazy!
for the High School =)
anyone involved with theater in high school (esp.
in IL) gets my upvote
Seems like every time I reddit lately I watch people die.
I puked for hours on mine.
Sure I did stupid things too.
I just remember puking starting at about midnight when i went home, all night, and well into the next morning.
Its honestly great.
Such a convenience.
Best of both worlds.
You are a bad person.
meh, not really.
I would like this guy as a friend.
Hi, my mother has worked as a headhunter and HR consultant in the restaurant and hotel industry for about 30 years.
I'm fairly confident that I have a reasonable amount of insight into hospitality employment law in the US.
So go ahead and be mad.
But also feel free to add any more accurate information you might have.
Where that guy, oh I forget his name, did that thing?
I was like, "woah."
youll just be known as 'that guy'
You puked for hours on your birthday cake?
Why didn't you head in a different direction?
The piss is taken differently on the other side of the pond, mate.
I think you might have missed the joke.
the only viable solution...is to take some italian porno of old people, and shop your g moms face unto it.
It has to be flawless.
But if it is believable, it will be a masterpiece
of course, it depends on your jurisdiction.
mine may not be yours.
or OP's.
let's say you're wrong, OP contacts the labour relations board and gets fired and has no redress.
you could be staking someone's job on effectively a hunch.
I was joking...
Who the hell puts a cake on a table near the dance floor ...
And a 21st birthday that doesn't involve getting shit faced in Vegas, but is filled with non-alcoholic family members instead?
That party sucked before you arrived and it was bound to suck even if you didn't go.
The only difference is that instead of the cake ending smashed on the floor it would be turned into copious amounts of fecal matter ...
or puke, if the night ended properly.
Of course this happened on 82nd.
To infinity and beyond.
You can't get fired for going to a labor board unless your employer REALLY wants to get their asses sued off.
Even in an at will employment state you'll lose that type of a lawsuit.
because people really do that ...
I'm sorry, sir.
I don't speak jive.
To be fair, if an employer wants to fuck you, he will find a way to fuck you.
In any case, as I said elsewhere, ( in this particular situation.
It's a small, cold country.
Again, they had no idea what I had been doing with the earlier part of my evening.
She found them and they told her what had happened because they found it funny and thought she might too.
How were they to know?
It only works for a little bit, then it just dries up and gets terribly messy.
Also, isn't it a cruel joke that women are the horniest while on their period?
That's a bummer.
I'm betting it's one of the reasons it upset her so much.
You spent time, love, money and lots of effort to make her son a special cake.
She's going to hate you for a while.
(if you and the son stay friends for years on end) over time her wrath will cool.
In the meantime keep your eyes peeled for ninja assassin squads.
As a sign of good faith, maybe talk to a friend with baking skill, and make a cake together?
Even if it's a poor replica, I think it'll go over well.
Maybe do this in a month, after the dust fully settles.
If you want to go the extra mile, get the mom a gift certificate for a day spa or something.
That is definitely a great start.
It should help things alot, but she might still be peeved.
Mind to post his reaction?
Anyway, I've since spoken to Jay, and he's fine with me, appreciates that it was an accident and that having the cake even near the dance floor was stupid to begin with.
Sounds like a friend worth having.
Sounds like a friend worth buying a nice bottle of scotch for.
Sounds like a friend worth keeping in the back of your mind as someone to unhesitatingly help out whenever he fucks up.
This, and the fact that he didn't immediately blame someone else shows character.
is verry relevent
regards dolan
He's persistent, gotta give him that.
Yep you are 100% absolutely, certainly, no questions asked fucked through the roof.
We'll say some nice things at your funeral.
as 'life is going to be hell'
I, for one, do not feel bad for upboating this well written recount of an escapade to remember.
I didn't get to see the flight in all its glory
Really, it was just falling with style.
People who don't live in a country with the draconian drinking age of the US?
21 is just another birthday.
I'm not your buddy, guy.
DJ REDDIT!
WE DA BEST!
As people have mentioned in other parts of the thread, we don't know if he lives in .
21st birthday could be just another birthday.
Come on, you had to see the downvotes comming...
Next time, block out yer fuckin' plates
you like it...
you should probably put a ring on it.
My grandmother is not trippin' all my friends think she's cooler than anyone else's parents :3
Didn't need to be pointed out.
I can only imagine the look of horror on their faces.
the other day we were talking.
He asked for a picture to hang above his toilet...as a sort of homage...
if only it was that way here if your old enough to live alone you should be old enough to drink
18 is the big year where I'm from.
It completely blew me away when I first found out about their drinking age being 21.
I think it's hand sanitizer that gets your fucked up dude
, a homeless whiteboy that live outside my apartment gets drunk on mouthwash.
Shit's fucked on the real.
Tell everyone that you were captured by a rival gang who tried to skin you alive.
love scars and stories.
I don't know what the big deal is, I live in , and sometimes I drink Wine or , and I've never gotten drunk before.
I'm fourteen.
You downvote me when I say I've never gotten drunk...
I like the taste.
I've never had more than half a shotglass of 12% alcahol.
Just out of curiosity - how much of a problem is drunk driving in the UK?
21st birthday party...
in a club with a live DJ...
with alcohol.
Let's put the expensive, extravagant cake next to the dance floor!
can go wrong!
waits for someone to ask
doesn't happen
A spilled cake ruined the party??
Who gives a shit?
It's a fucking cake.
If a spilled cake ruined the party it sounds like a shitty party to begin with.
That's a really shitty situation
i actually got fired from my job for mentioning how unpleasant an indian woman smelled.
Any medical or reageant-grade alcohol, typically.
Wood alcohol, rubbing alcohol, methanol, etc.
You can go blind from just a bit too much of drinking it.
EDIT: It's not a good idea to drink any of that stuff, by the way.
Yeah, this is what's known as an accident, and his parents reacted pretty shittily.
The party isn't ruined because there's no cake.
Yes, it sucks, but their jobs as hosts is to make sure the guests, including you, are okay with it, not throw such a hissy that you don't feel welcome anymore.
For it to be days alter and they still be mad at you only underscores how poorly they are reacting.
I can understand the mom being upset, but to be fair - who puts the cake anywhere near the dancefloor??
If you want to make nice, send her flowers as an apology; if you'll never see her again anyway, then meh.
You've given his party the "funny story for life", you'll never be forgotten lol.
Yeah, my Red or Dead are fucking bent to shit on the right side so there's a noticeable gap in the frame for my right lens now, GG.
Quite eye opening to see what people behave like I used to hang around with compared to who I spend my time with now though I guess, so I still got something from it.
Yep they changed it from 18 to 21 around the year 1980 I believe.
fak u dolan
upvote for the upboat
pick a fork up and chow down!!
if you're really drunk, YOU DON'T CARE!
If this were 4chan, someone would pop in with "did someone say thread?".
I am now imagining aprofondir's pencil case going up his teacher's ass in the same totally-SFW manner as those hilarious MTV safe sex ads.
and it's not even a novelty account.
If it's any consolation, I did this with our entire upstairs floor.
the plumbing is built in a suboptimal fashion, with two bathrooms, two showers, three sinks, a bidet, and a bathtub all connected.
Hole.
Polish plumber was not amused.
Vtec engages at 3500.
Dear god, this takes the cake as the stupidest first world problem.
I definitely think they overreacted.
She started crying after a birthday cake was ruined?
This would definitely just be a funny situation if it happened in my family.
The mother definitely seems a bit controlling/high-strung in this situation.
I think you might just be a massive idiot.
I FUCKING LOVE FRIENDS
I know not all jokes are funny but I think you are stretching when you call your post a joke.
What is the blue bit in the cake after is smashes?
Their toilet has carpet floor?
No offense to your friend's family but they sound really boring.
You, however, sound like the fucking man.
I think it's more that sarcasm is hard to express over the internet.
Sure it wasn't very well executed but it was in good fun.
No reason to downvote.
Your post on the other hand, sounding like you consider yourself judge, jury, and executioner, deserves downvotes.
Jay's parents weren't the ones turning 21.
It's sweet that they put so much effort into a party for him, but it's HIS birthday, not theirs, and if he had a good time, that's all that should matter.
It's a little unreasonable to not want any of your son's friends around on his birthday.
, as far as "things that went wrong on my birthday", this is by far one of the less destructive things that could happen.
Have you never heard of sarcasm?
Really it seems more like a well intended rib to me to help OP feel better through a little humor.
It's quite obvious he isn't a bad person, or he wouldn't have posted this story at all.
The joke.
The people who downvoted you.
whoosh
Have my upvote, I know it's not much but I hope the wound sting a little less now.
At 21 who has parents throw their parties anyway?
Whoa there bro.
It was all in good fun.
I didn't downvote anyways.
I saw "Caught sex skyping MY grandma".
Was about to NOPE it all the way into the stratosphere.
It happened to me twice.
I stopped joking about mothers.
before that it was all state dependent though, some 16, 18.
some were probably even already 21.
screw most family events...
Then I shall remove mine.
apologies, mate.
I just really hate to see the internet jump down somebody's throat because they miss the humor in it.
I was a bit hasty at jumping to conclusions there, though.
"Turned out that they wanted it to be a family event, as they were scared that his 'crazy friends would mess things up'." much?
Do him a favour next year and organize a real party for him.
I completely agree.
I'm sure they're nice people, but people who react to mishaps like this piss me off.
Fuck the parents, fuck the cake.
They should be happy to have a funny guy like you around!
Blame it on hackers.
I did that shit when I took my neighbor JuJu's twizzlers.
Here in , everything needs a higher age limit because the moron to good citizen ratio is horrible.
A week ago where I live an 18 year old kid plowed his truck through a high school crosswalk right after school and ran over like 11 people.
Which us why I believe the driving age should be higher.
When I was younger, I thought this idea was absurd.
Now that I'm older, I feel it is necessary.
Upvote just for the word "erk"
Age 21 doesn't mean shit in other countries.
I once performed cunnilingus after I kissed my girlfriend on the neck.
A couple of minutes before I kissed her, she put on tiger balm on her neck(Which contains ).
...She then gave me a handjob.
If it's meant to be, it's meant to be, bro.
facepalm Read carefully, fellow .
I think you did them a favor honestly.
If it actually has to be s p e l l e d out that in this context he is not a bad person, there is something wrong.
Heh not necessary.
I think you might need to pass that along to the downvoters...
Isn't it?
I mean the after you finish shower, the carpet will be soaked and...
This is like some double rainbows level shit here.
WHAT DOES IT MEANNN?
Oh, absolutely.
I worked for Vector.
For about five minutes until I realized the scam going on.
I got fired from my second job.
I worked 22 hours a week delivering pizza.
I made 7 dollars over minimum wage on any given day.
My paychecks were going to pay for the college of my choice.
My car was stolen and my old boss saw it as a perfect opportunity to fire the non-catholic boy.
Joke's on him though, because I'm starting my own business and his just failed.
Just be glad it didn't land on anyone...
well, that shit was 20 hours ago.
TELL US EVERYTHING
Good stuff, bro.
I've kinda gone down a similar route.
After I was fired, I got hired at a local radio conglomerate.
Now I'm a news anchor for the morning shift and I'm living my dream.
"Shit, a homeless which lives outside this man's establishment becomes inebriated off of mouthwash."
It means that on the basis of the OP's story, it shouldn't even be in question whether he's a bad person.
Thus, one should be able to say, "you are a bad person" and the only possible realistic meaning is that it is a joke.
But one take on this is to say that even to downvote such a comment plays into it's being possible in this context, as if one were treating the question itself seriously.
My point is that it should be so far out of the question that it is not even possible to downvote the comment.
I mean I figured you had to be joking!"
It's a bit like saying, "Oh, you have red hair?
You are a bad person!
Just kidding!!" You can see in this example why it's odd to actually have to specify that one is joking in the case of another's having red hair.
Well, how about that?
I'm actually saying that the OP's lack of true "badness" is on the level of, say, having red hair.
This is along the lines of South Park's famous Ginger episode(s), in which they definitely didn't take pains to say, "by the way, this is a joke".
At some point the skit brought attention to this very issue, the point being that if you have to say you're joking about something like that, something is wrong.
I guess it is a bit of a double rainbow thing.
But then, people are complicated already.
In fact, I think people are double rainbows!
It's worth apologising to the parents.
It's hard, they might not have a great reaction at the time, but in the long run they'll appreciate you for it and you won't be just "that asshole friend".
Wow...get duh watter,it's hot in here!
This story is made all the more awesome by the descriptive language.
'atta boy.
live it up, have some fun, and who knows?
dont be embarrassed, worst comes to worst, she will figure out it happens to guys.
she should be flattered.
, who cries over cake?
That is an epic and memorable story.
Sure it was unfortunate but it was cake.
You should really include this wonderful tidbit in your original post.
How did you get that job (the anchor)?
Are you Indian by any chance?
Not to be racist, just asking.
The farmer reasonably knew he got more than he paid for, which legally is theft.
The store owner should be attempting to get the product back.
It kills me that any mistake made by an employee is grounds for firing these days.
are how people learn, and if you fire people for a single mistake you are just going to replace them with someone who will make the same (or worse) mistake in future.
oh that's good.
I laughed out loud.
You removed it, right?
1) cake near dance floor at ANY party is a bad idea.
ANYWHERE
2) If anyone says you ruined a party because the cake was knocked over then they are a spoiled brat.
3) you got yourself a good friend.
Plus...
You owned up to your drunken accident as well.
wrong tthere.
You know its not a guaranteed method of birth control.
As you can see she is still paying alimony.
I am amazed the store isn't insured for this kind of thing, and that the raise in premium's cannot be grounds for firing.
"we'll call him..."
Oooh ok NOW I understand
You are going to grow up to be a horrible park ranger.
Shower curtains/doors?
A throw rug at the base of the tub?
drying your feet before you get out?
, what's going to happen to him?
They're going to find out where he lives?
he had a car accident?
I mean if he was catapulting kittens that would probably make some sense...
He wouldn't have had the accident in the first place - he would have been out of gas and money miles and miles ago.
So one day while measuring out 100+ bags of chemical at 46 lbs I got a little careless and was just rough guessing weights.
Bad idea, I burned up a few acres in , cost the company a few hundred thousand and lost my job.
Your argument is all kinds of idiotic, honkey.
I had to grow up and get some thick skin, and now people who don't go through systematic oppression themselves are telling me that I have to not use a word
NO ONE GIVES A SHIT ABOUT YOUR RETARDED BULLSHIT
at my old job they used to have to keep several cans of spray under the counter in case of smelly customers.
I think I meant "Puked for hours on my 21st birthday"
If I sit for too long my legs go numb :/
just keeps laughing.
This sounds like a mistake an idiot would make.
I think Jay wants some scotch.
Sex from a fat girl...
not missed...
Didn't you notice the consistency was absolutely nothing like liquor?
the 'up' typo in your title is quite distracting.
At first glance one can't tell if you drank soap or injected it into your arm...
It kills me that any mistake made by an employee is grounds for firing these days.
In retail giving someone a discount or editing the price because you know them is called 'sweethearting'.
This is likely what the owner/manager thought was going on.
Who the hell celebrates their 21st birthday with their parents and family?
This almost happened with my boyfriend and me, only he was at his parents house.
I was doing a little strip tease for him and his mom walked in, thankfully he quickly closed the screen before she could see.
This is not a TIFU.
holy shit on computer in family room.
my mouse happened to be right were the link was written.
fukin spammed the back arrow for my life, just saved my self.
to being caught?
Hey, I'm an honest enough person.
I was not familiar with the type of liquor, some types do have a rather syrupy consistency.
for example is very thick.
I know how to edit my post, but how can I edit the title?
Also I was drunk by the time I posted this, my spelling skills were not at their peak.
You just called me a honkey!
You made an insult based on my race!
You must, therefore, be a racist!
And if you don't give a shit, I'll return the sentiment and continue doing what it is that I do.
, $500 isn't a reason to fucking fire somebody.
If anything he should've just docked your pay until you paid for that.
Are you sure you were a good worker?
he was just waiting for you to fuck up.
too
, ferked erp der werkberks blerg!
That's their fault for not having proper guidelines, you shouldn't feel bad for that at all.
Good one :)
I'm surprised they fired you.
I worked at a grocery store once and accidentally left an entire pallet of ice cream out at the end of my shift.
Nobody noticed it until it began leaking..
I'm sure that must have cost just as much as your mistake.
In what happened to OP would fall under "wrongful dismissal".
Also, in you don't need to pay for the uni you want to go to upfront (there is no such thing as community college here).
, in there is no medical cannabis, so wins that round.
edit: missed a very significant word, as pointed out by
I live in NZ where the drinking age is 18 but 21st is still a big event where everyone gets very fucked.
I think docking employees pay for a mistake might be illegal.
I had a teacher in high school whose ex-gf robbed a bank.
Then she went crazy and almost shot him.
It's fuckups like this that make funny memories later.
+ time = comedy.
I got fired from my job at because a customer gave me weed.
they came back as I was closing up and just plonked a handful onto the counter and left.
guy who hitch-hiked halfway across the USA
It's okay, it was your first time.
gooby pls
did that last week, just pushed it back in, cleaned it up, and let him know discretely the next day.
Fuck customers.
Could not make accurate fuckableness rating.
Please input more data.
In the vast majority of , there is no medical cannabis (although all cannabis is medicinal)
a (likely) male farmer in what appears to be a rural area.
Can't imagine that going well.
Not really, doesn't have it.
Only certain states do.
is still in the fight.
He time-travelled, so technically it is a TIFU
Today you fucked up your custom CSS.
OH SNAP SON IS THIS ON MOBILE OR SOMETHING IT'S NOT DOING THAT FOR ME GIMME THE DEETS SO I CAN FIX IT
Edit: Does it work now?
"Today I Fucked Update"
But srsly listen to this guy he has his mod hat on.
That means he's serious.
Works.
Now it's merely ugly on distinguished comments :)
My buddys ex stabbed him, he was fine had to get 5 stitches in his had but it was an interesting night, police and ambulance and the whole 9 yards.
I'M A GENIUS
But I don't know how to make it white like the username when it's distinguished with RES
It might not have been the act of them giving you weed, but your actions afterwards.
What did you do after said event?
a.author :after
content: "";
color: #EE2C2C;
font-size: 10pt;
display: inline-block;
margin-right: 0.5em;
a.author.moderator :after
color: #fff;
I feel you.
Except I didn't take a shower to wash it off.
It took a good two hours for the burning to stop.
For the first few minutes I couldn't even walk.
LMAO by far the best response.
As the owner of a pick up with a V8 I can confirm this is true.
haha, well that's where I got stupid(er).
on another shift, I told the story of getting the weed - online...
on the work computer.
I didn't think they actually checked the internet history - since all the other employees used to go on on the work computer all the time.
still, I should've known better.
i have seen fully carpeted bathrooms.
thats what he meant
Yea...
Even though you already know, it doesn't hurt to say it: If you do anything on a work computer, the IT department can see it...
if they want to.
I was working on a project that cost more than $50,000 in billable time.
to me there was a competing project that spent $40,000.
We finished the same week.
Mine was scrapped so yay I wasted $50,000.
I once wrote a report that showed a department was losing $120,000 a month.
No one was even reprimanded.
There are so many people here that waste $500 it's hard to even comprehend.
in my case it was the "big boss" from another city who found it.
my manager tried to battle for me, but yeah...
I consider myself lucky they didn't call the cops.
Well, I do have to ask: What did you do with the weed?
I shared it with my neighbour, who taught me how to roll a joint.
I hope it was good, because that's not what you should have done...
it was.
she was 30 something, and I was 18, and she told me about her adventures in and London.
what would you have done?
I'm really sorry that happened, but good for you.
it to my manager/supervisor, ask about calling the police.
I don't smoke, or whatever it is called when you smoke weed.
post to .
That's just the term for it.
Woot!
YOU HAVE BROKEN RULE 1 OF OUR SUB!
BANNED!
Also we crossed 15 K!
The ice-cream costs more.
How'd it get everywhere?
Were you breakdancing?
on which engine.
Yes, because never getting fired, free college and weed smoking a great country make.
Some women think this is acceptable behavior because nobody has yet given them a good ass-kicking.
I don't smoke, or whatever it is called when you smoke weed.
ah, well that makes a lot of sense.
I should clarify - I smoke weed.
but even if I didn't, I wouldn't call the cops.
I don't agree with cannabis prohibition.
Uh, yes you do have to pay for the uni you want to go to here.
When you earn over a certain threshold, you are obligated to pay that HECS loan back.
In fact, they start taking money from your pay once you are over the threshold to ensure you do.
TL;DR You do have to pay for uni here.
yeah this is one of my most visit sub-reddit; there is something about reading other people giants fuck-ups that make my problems seem so small.
One day I will get around to posting some of my fuck ups, I don't know where to begin though lol.
yeah, badly worded.
what I should have said was: "you don't have to pay for uni upfront".
ergo - poor people can still get degrees.
well, I personally think it's a step up.
but I guess it depends on where you live already, and what your political/moral values are.
All good, just thought people should know that we don't get a free ride (financially) through.
Though HECS and the Places thing does help a lot, and you are right in that you don't have to pay anything upfront (Sans supplies like textbooks and all that stuff)
Well, I don't agree on prohibition either.
It's their body, ya?
Let 'em do what they want with it.
I'd rather people be high off their ass than drunk.
Even so, the law is the law...
you might disagree with it, but it's still there.
That's why it's important to vote kids.
It's time to grow up.
Dude, let's be friends.
yeah, but have you seen the cannabis laws in ?
at least in , they're starting to see sense.
but here...
you either break the law to reap the benefits of smoking weed (medicinally or not, it still affects your body in a positive way) or lawfully drink alcohol.
it's not uncommon for people in my city to drink until they black out on a weekly basis.
AHA!
The Asian part had nothing to do with it.
Misery loves company.
Also in , they don't use as fertiliser.
were you in it too?
Also in , we don't use cars 'cause are free.
I still haven't found a solid way for cleaning up throw-up nor getting rid of the smell sans just scoop that shit up and febreeze the hell out of it.
Does this mean blowtorches can be utilized?
or are we talkin' lasers here?
Edit: off, good luck mate!!
She seems like a keeper for ya.
I've put the milk in the cupboard and the cereal in the fridge then left my house.
Would you mind explaining what happened?
Don't forget to put a fraud alert on your account w/ the credit bureaus!
comment; please ignore.
Did you fuck up?
Or did you make someone's day that little bit better?
Nice way of thinking about it.
I like the idea of the , some of these really deserve a week or month later check-in.
Friend was driving, we were heading into an intersection when the light went yellow and he decided to gun it to make sure we were clear.
, a large white SUV headed the opposite direction also decided to clear the intersection by turning left.
We were probably coming up at 80 km/h or so (not sure, I was looking less at the speedo from the seat behind the driver and more at the impending death of us all).
My friend managed to crank a hard right before impact, which I don't doubt is the reason we're all still alive and whole.
The injury list is as follows:
Driver's leg was broken from what seemed to be the steering column crushing downwards.
Tib/fib, seemed to be a clean break (I held his leg after some pedestrians pulled him out because the car was leaking fluids)
Front passenger seat: knee, probably complained the most #3232;#3232;
Back passenger side: broken clavicle
Back driver's side (me): chipped teeth and almost broke my left thumb entirely
Add some general whiplash, possible mild concussions, seatbelt bruises (a sizeable hematoma on my waist in my case), and a couple of pants-shittings here and there, to taste.
I'm going to be honest here, I think this was one of the best things that happened to me, but only because everyone wound up okay.
The brush with mortality inspired me to make some progress with my life's direction, the greatest result of which is my second year with an amazing girl on the horizon.
The experience was kind of surreal, to tell the truth (probably a mild concussion to blame for that).
My friend in the back with me managed to get his door open and step out before tumbling to the ground as he began calling 911.
I walked the passenger over to the curb and sat him on the grass, then went back to check on my friend from the back, who was just giving the dispatcher our location.
About this point I noticed that the people in the SUV were getting out and seemed alright.
The friend on the phone went into hysterics immediately after reporting where we were, and handed the phone to me.
Little of consequence happened until we all got to the hospital; the friend in the back with me, and the driver, were loaded up on stretchers.
The other friend and I got into an ambulance and rode to the hospital (only part of this adventure I had to pay for, go insurance and health system).
It was about this point I noticed my hand hurt and was puffed around the thumb, and that I had shit my pants at the moment of impact.
I walked out to the lobby, where I promptly began to fall over, as I had been running on adrenaline for 4 fucking hours somehow.
I was briskly walked back in and given some apple juice.
TL;DR: Don't speed, you'll crash and poop your pants.
That definitely does suck!
Sorry to hear it..
But out of curiosity, how did you not notice that the man's total was ridiculously lower than what it should've been?
I know you were kind of zoning out because of the break-up, but I can't imagine telling the man his total and not thinking that something wasn't right...
I hope things are going well for you now, though!
Yes, but due to boat people the culture has changed and everyone uses rickshaws powered by kangaroos.
we're sorting the boat people out, though.
if we lock 'em up, deny them human rights and forget about them, the problem will go away...
edit: /sarcasm
CUM INSIDE HER
I'm sorry you got fired but I really don't see why losing a job like that would prevented you from going straight to a four yr college you wanted to go to.
that said if money is tight CC is probably the smarter choice anyway.
You can transfer after one or two years so you still get time at your college and end up graduating with less debt.
has student startup payments for books and equipment.
Hope ole girl doesn't see that video.
Porca troia, vieni qui che ti faccio vedere come scopo alla prima colazione.
Sounds like a rough few days, big guy.
Enjoy your upvotes!
I know how to order breakfast!
(Thank you, Google )
Enjoy...
don't ever say that to your grandma though.
I'll make sure not to.
Unless some alcoholic fellow came along and you contributed to his addiction.
Some women just don't understand the struggle us real dudes go through.
I can't believe they change be sheets.
That's fucked up.
Good Guy Vusys: Calls out CSS error; Shows how to correct it
You nailed it, I walked about three months ago because the job was literally killing me.
The stress was insane my health was in a downward spiral, I had a full on panic attack at one point had to spend a night in the ER.
The money was great but my life was decaying.
I'm not working again yet, but I couldn't be happier at the moment.
And then beat his wife because he was drunk...
another girl (Let's call her Debby)
Why bother calling her Debby, when you never refer to her again?
Did they die?
You're the fucking man.
Good luck with the relationship, bro.
Jeeze, what are you, a 40 year old man?
Youre right, I suppose I can give some back story to why they hate "Debby".
she is a whore that sleeps around and brings guys back all the time.
Her roommates did not enjoy waking up every other morning with some strange dude in their house.
I guess they didnt hate her enough.
I'm not saying prostitution, but...
I've always been a "shit on their pillow" man but "jerk off on their bed" sounds like a pretty solid idea
I did what you see there...
fake as hell.
If true, your friends parents are fucked up for caring so much about a cake.
A cake doesn't ruin or make a party.
Wow, I'm on this subreddit since It first week!Keep It up guys!
1) Sounds fake
2) Your granny should've knocked at the door
3) OP Is actually a guy
To prevent elaborate stories, verification of some sort would be nice.
OP is male.
I find it adorable that you think you know anything about my family or me.
No one knocks in my family sweetheart, especially not my grandma.
This happened, so deal.
You are the weakest link.
Good bye.
This is something we have considered, albeit not in very much depth.
My opinion is that we're a fairly "fun" sub, which means that unless someone is blatantly making up story after story, we won't be removing many posts.
That's why we have optional verification- some of the stories are difficult or unreasonable to verify given that we're just here to share stories, nothing more.
I guess I don't know for sure, but having an SUV push you into a bar with a wall probably doesn't have a very high survival rate.
And you're a perv.
Like I said.
Good bye.
TAFE is pretty much community college...lol.
This is what my friends that go to tafe tell me anyway.
Hodor
It's 10:30 and I'm drinking while looking for a new job after moving into a new place this weekend and playing vidya from 4AM to 11PM Sunday.
also it costs more than $500 to hire a new employee
Yes, but in you also can't get grenade launchers, and given the venomous 30-foot flying carnivorous crocodile spiders they have, that's kind of a shame.
"wrongful dismissal"
Is it though?
Sounds like his boss was a dick for firing him, but he did fuck up.
fuck you
Thanks everyone
3 days?
Seems like you pretty much got away with it.
I don't know your employment laws but over here it would depend on what contract you have with your employer.
It should list anything that can be used for instant dismissal and what will result in a warning.
This could probably be shunted in under gross negligence which is probably a case for instant termination.
And you didn't spill the milk?
Sounds like success to me.
That would certainly have been the most employment safe route.
comes under gross negligence or something.
Most states feature "at will" employment.
, the employee can quit for any reason/without notice, and the employer can fire you for any reason (that doesn't infringe upon your rights)
Just the lightbulbs emitting electricity in the courtroom would cost more than your summons, not to mention the whole she-bang of payroll costs and taxpayers monies.
I'm not sure how relevant these numbers are, at least for state troopers, but if you still feel like you want to complain:
I just emailed my lawyer and await his advice.
I don't wanna stir up anything if I don't need to.
And then double dipped...
His Kit-Kat, that he took a bite of all four fingers instead of breaking it apart...
Wait wait wait...
is not a fertilizer is a non-selective (ie, will kill most anything) herbicide that farmers use to control weeds.
Not only did you get fired for not ringing stuff up right, you also had no idea what you were selling.
Good thinking.
are definitely good for something!
Just heard back from him.
I'm sending him the summons.
He's calling BS without even seeing it!
Hooray!
You may have just made a couple of 10 year olds the happiest kids in the city.
Same situation sort of.
I'm 130 and is beginning to work out to gain muscle mass.
You know, they say it isn't working out unless you "feel the burn."
And that is amazingly, somehow, possible.
fucked up my microwave one day "boiling" water in the microwave being a lazy idiot.
Yes, file a complaint.
And to do so, send one copy to the Maine State unit, one to that trooper's immediate supervisor, and one to the shift captain.
, this will be a legal document you're sending in.
of exaggeration, hyperbole, or lying by omission.
State EVERYTHING that occured, but do not try and color the situation.
It should be 100% factual.
follow up with IA, the supervisor, and the shift captain, individually, and about a week later.
Do so again a week after that if you have not heard anything on the matter.
Trying to steal 40 cents is almost as horrible as those demonds that download files!!!
The moment you said "As far back as I can remember" I read all of that as Squit from the .
If that douchebag is reading this, I want them to know that they are a piece of scum and that they make the world a less good place.
Our high school's speech team (which I was on for a couple of years) went there every year, so I'm happy to see someone at the festival, even though you did a TIFU.
Good luck, man.
And whoever went through and downvoted your history...
fuck them.
IANAL, but in order to prove theft don't they have to prove intent?
A reasonable judge should throw this out.
Mordor
My lawyer wants to see what he can find out before I do anything.
Thanks for advice.
I will absolutely follow up with proper channels once my lawyer gives the go ahead.
Good call, your lawyer can direct you how to properly file the complaints.
S/he may even be willing to do so on your behalf, or at least send it on their letterhead.
Just went on an (shorter) upvote spree on your comment history, though.
I thought reddit utilised some kind of security mechanism against this.
EDIT: went on a downvote spree on my comment history as well.
", caucasian MALE"
I don't know if I formatted that correctly...if not, I would love a quick bit of help on how to make it so the image is directly viewable in the comments...
But, that honestly took less time to give you that many votes than it did to copy to imgur, and much less time than I spent messing with the link trying to get it right.
RES, hell yeah!
Also, sounds like a total dick cop.
( is frequently required, but it allows for "recklessness" or "carelessness".
The test for which generally involves something called either "the average reasonable person" or a "person of reasonable prudence" and what they would have done.
A somewhat humorous side-note is also the legal concept of (
Went through as many links as I had time to before I went to work and updated everything that had a down vote I could find.
I resort to (link location)(minus space) Not sure you can directly post image into comments.
Thanks for efforts internet hero
My faith in humanity is being restored as my karma does, WIN/WIN!
Just a really crappy feeling to try and after incident last night, reach out to reddit for some advice and awake to someone's down voting spree.
Thanks for efforts (what goes around comes around, I'll be sure to return the favor)
Next thing the OP should try to do: Get the cop fired.
, learned a nice new skill today, haha.
You like anal, too?
Heard on down vote spree here to upvote.
best of luck to you getting back up from this economical nightmare :D
man cops really suck ass sometimes, especially highway patrol.
i mean i appreciate what they are out there to do when they take care of DUIs and wreckless driving, but cmon, why do you need to harass honest people?
So unsub
I know what it's like living every day on the grind.
I respect you for staying strong and trying to fun your way in the face of that nigga adversity.
Well, all things considered, at least you live to dive another day.
i was bored, so for the first time ever i clicked someones page and upvoted EVERYTHING.
has your karma back.
If it cheers you up, think of it this way.
To do what that state trooper did was a sign of a really weak, bitter character.
He held what power he had over you, not because he thought he was helping or doing the right thing, but because this is the only way he feels he has power in his life.
You have a bit of a hassle to deal with now, and a bit of an ego bruise from the whole thing.
But at the end of the day, you're still awesome, and he's still a spiteful douchebag trying to convince himself he's hot shit.
Sweden it is, then.
18 years old, I was working at a golf course.
We were getting ready to leave when the pro brought about 10 of his friends out on the range to hit free buckets of balls.
Guess who had to pick the range?
Coming back I called the pro an "arrogant rich asshole" and then got canned the next day.
You've been fucking up for the past year, not just today.
I'd hire you on the spot.
I have a reasonable amount of insight into hospitality employment law in the US.
Brave words coming from a poo flinging baboon.
That's a lot of very inefficient light bulbs.
I could run several lights for 24h before it would cost me that much.
Fried chicken is better than live chicken.
This could probably be shunted in under gross negligence which is probably a case for instant termination.
this does not apply to electronic devices.
It does not taste any better than before.
But I wasn't stealing like televisions and shit I was stealing food like fruit.
Today I got caught with bananas and Lean .
Oh I know.
They said that since I straight out admitted it I was much better off.
It could have been a lot worse, so I'm just glad I didn't fuck up more.
They asked me why and I just told them that it's cause I'm poor.
Money is so tight right now.
I can afford to be brave, I have poo to fling.
If she will still talk to you tell her you will pay for the texts that you sent.
I like to think of the upvotes as the Rebel and downvotes as the Empire, and we're reenacting the Battle of Hoth on his page.
just buy new whiskey and put it in there dude.
It's not what you're stealing, it's the act of doing it.
I know that it isn't easy to get jobs in this economy, but those who try eventually succeed.
Good luck in getting everything straightened out the right way :)
That's not really your fault though is it?
This...but, while this may help you feel a bit better initially, if you think about it for too long, it will make you feel scared.
I can assure you he is not the only cop like this.
Get yourself some RES man!
J A J A J A...so quick!
Idk, the thing is, when I got her number months ago, I DID tell her then that it could possibly charge a lot.
she said that she believed she had the plan.
It still feels like I should help pay, but when i asked if she wanted my help, she said that she'll get her dad to help pay because we both made a mistake.
we still are talking and still flirting luckily haha.
yeah, thinking about it some more...
I'd say it's on the fence.
it was $500, but he was emotionally distressed and probably would have repaid the business if given the chance.
I used to work at Subway, and we had lots of instances in which someone would type the wrong number in the eftpos and the customer would get charged $5.60 instead of $56.00.
Also one instance of us charging a customer $140 instead of $14...
no one got fired, though.
upvotes for you sir!
Sure, those are sums that I think any sensible labor relations board if such a thing exists in your jurisdiction, would chalk up to wastage, regular work stress, etc.
I think it's a question of scale and circumstances.
I've learned my lesson.
And I'm glad it's not worse.
I've got a job, but my hours just got cut, which makes it suck.
But thanks.
300 less karma?
sprees are against the reddiquette.
Law enforcement not there when you need it, but there and in your face when you don't want it.
I have burned water enough (on the stove) to have ruined every pot I owned and had to go out and buy a new set.
Send her a picture of your scrotum my nigga.
I wish you the best!
I hate power hungry cops.
I can see the headline now...
labour relations board?
haha, yeah no...
we just had the "franchisee", who was also her own "accountant", who was also "HR".
For some people, the driving age should be 'never.' I'm all for driving tests being 10x harder with 10% of the pass rate.
Ease congestion, increase safety, reduce pollution, all at the same time.
is you need good public transportation to shuttle all the people around...
I once forgot about a pan on the stove with butter on it (was melting the butter and was gonna cook something), no idea why I left the room.
I came back later and the pan was bubbling up in the center and couldn't be lifted - it had partially melted/fused to the electric coil.
it was released when I turned it off and waited for it to cool...
Kids, never forget and leave a pan/pot on the stove 0.o
Have you ever been in a courtroom?
They really do use LOTS of lights in there and generally they aren't the most efficient types.
Also, beyond just the cost of the lights, there are many other operating costs.
Think of the payroll for the guards and such...
off law enforcement on reddit?
More upvotes for you!
Upvote all the posts.
Well sure, payroll and all, but I'm just talking about the lights.
I know this might not be up your alley, but, ( might be one of your best options.
you can find really good places with a constant supply of day old bread and fruit.
Don't make a huge mess, don't treat the employees like shit, and they might start setting it next to it for you.
It's not as bad as it seems, just wear old clothes.
That shit is like battery acid, you NEVER and I mean NEVER find someone who actually enjoys working with skydrol.
I feel your pain brother.
kinda smells like it to.
Only for certain eligible people.
I do it.
I don't take fruits though.
More like maybe a pen or something.
Just kidding I drink a whole soda each time I go to Publix, throw it away, turn in cap for Coca Cola Points.
I hate to tell you this, but what you thought was smoke is actually neuro-toxin.
he called in her daughter?
There's something you're not telling us.
I would've been like " want to come over here and help me finish?
why were you drinking alone
You can't upvote or downvote from someone's user page.This is to prevent mass upvotes/downvotes and it automatically buffers yours out with the opposite vote if you try.
You have to do it from each individual post for that to work.
aaah well.
wasted two minutes of my life today.
edit: on a side note...
that means if OP did lose 300 karma or some such...
someone actually opened and voted on many many of his posts?
THAT is dedication!
Yep, hardly seems worth the effort for immaterial internet points.
Didn't know where to deposit mine.
( was probably the most interesting and humorous legal article I have ever read on , and I've read my fair share.
Thank you good sir.
Posted on
Man, I've heard of people getting a cooked chicken and eating it as they go through the store, then throwing away the garbage on the way out.
If the only reason you can think of not to hit someone is because she's a girl, you should probably just go ahead and hit her.
that's pretty bad.
don't you have the internet?
use chat.
You get an up vote my good sir
I get that fucking goo shit too!
Just don't fap in the shower, it seems to be some kind of chemical reaction with water.
.avi
I'll help!!!
I feel the burn when I shower.
me today won't be a comfortable day.
I don't understand.
Why did she have to pay for your texts?
Is it normal to have to pay to receive a text?
I never heard of that before.
Well, it's not like I entered the shower with motives.
But upon entering, and when certain thoughts crossed my mind, it all seemed okay because I could easily wash myself.
Keep us updated.
I'd really like to know how exactly ya got caught.
If you look nervous they'll getcha.
Today I fucked you is what that title sounds like.
Would baby powder help in this case?
Edit: Just had the thought of you completely covered in baby powder like a ghost.
I'm Indian by the way.
$0.80 an incoming text sounds, a bit, EXCESSIVE.
Tell her to get on a better plan...
My God u can get unlimited for around $50-$60 with internet etc.
Your first move should be to [Lawyer up, hit the gym, delete facebook, worship Ron Sagan] (
This sounds more like "Today the State fucked up"
i laughed so hard and idk why maybe I'm just really immature hahahahah god damn that was funny
sucks
I can't stop laughing.
Update this for my laughter.
Been there before.
Protip: lather up the soap afterwards, it doesn't come off easily with water but soap does the trick pretty well.
reading at "frosts my ass" and decided to upboat.
thread feeling satisfied.
Thank you, OP.
Ah, the type of things that make police look bad.
Any priors or anything?
Seems idiotic for a first time offender to be ticketed.
forgot to calm down before getting out of their vehicle.
Ahh that's funny.
Pro tip: Use cool water when you fap in the shower...
Hot water will cause it to become stickier.
Yeah there are good messaging programs on both and IOS that let you chat via internet.
A good one I use is LINE.
It's free too
charges.
They suck.
Telco's make them a trap for unsuspecting peeps such as these.
to reddit, friend
A sticky ghost ;)
It must be different in the US.
Over here the increased cost is paid by the person initiating the call or text, not the receiver.
I could text anyone I wanted and deliberately bump up their bill.
People have no choice regarding whether they receive a text or not, it's not like a phone call where they can see it's from an international number before they answer.
It seems like a crazy system to me.
If I don't have to pay to receive a letter in the mail why should I have to pay to receive a text message?
There were several court cases here about telcos charging unfair roaming charges and it ended up with a scheme ( where all these rules had to be put into place.
Well if it makes you feel any better when I was 7 years old I killed my first dove and when it came crashing down it was still alive.
My dad picked it up and twisted and pulled its head clean off and fed it to my dog.
I guess this was the most humane way of killing it without destroying it but it still messed me up.
He grabbed it by the antlers and cut its neck about 7'' long..
Every time its heart would beat blood would literally spray everywhere..
borders change things.
US based contracts only apply inside mainland/continental US, these were i'nat texts.
That's what I'd guess judging from the price.
On a different note, my sister called my mum from Italy for her birthday.
Mum lives in .
It was a 5 minute phone call on her work mobile phone: $250.
Seems like you should spend less time posting this on reddit and more time trying to clean up, eh?
You're right I misread the OP.
I had thought he was in the US texting someone in Canada.
But he was also in Canada, on his US mobile.
So that changes things.
It's still nuts to have to pay to receive a text though.
I text people in the US fairly regularly (13c each from ), and I never had to pay to receive a reply.
For me to ring from my mobile costs (
And I'm on the most expensive tariff.
I don't know how your sister got charged 150 times more.
But yeah, I feel for the OP.
That's a horrible shock.
This sounds like science to me.
Out of curiosity, where is this?
Even in the US, "at will employment" states usually have some sort of employee protections, minimal though they might be.
Fuck your mom.
, stop messing with lights in a room when somebody could EASILY fall down and bash his head due to something.
You actually can, just let the water flow on you.
The gooey thing is just semen interacting with water.
After a while, it loses the gooey characteristic and will just wash away.
I like my showers aftersexual intercourse.
Will do.
I'm not exactly sure, I didn't do anything different.
Maybe they just caught on to the reusable bag trick.
Wow, surprising.
I would have thought .au would have stricter labor protection laws, including for franchisees.
well, I wouldn't say she ever violated any laws (that I know of...
but then again, I don't really "know" the labour protection laws).
I just think she knew which corners she could cut?
record: clean (speeding ticket4 years ago
Car: , registered, insured
Me: Polite, showered, made a mistake.
Having reddit rally behind you to upboat your once janked karma?
Thanks all, this community sure knows how to put a positive spin on an otherwise shitty situation.
No, thank you!
isn't it just great?
I want to shake my doctor's hand who did that, but then I'd remember he makes a living cutting up baby dicks, and I don't want baby dick blood all over my hand.
Lock bathroom door.
Never suffer from other people entering it to fuck with you again.
At least your house tastes better now.
, ya gotta always scout out new places or they'll get suspicious.
, I presume.
And hope.
Well he's an idiot.
And not even for the obvious part, but assuming he kept his car running while doing this (or even the ignition on), that would cost more in gas than what OP tried to "steal".
I've seen this happen before when I went to my user page and saw a string of single downvotes.
You can tell that they get tired after 10 or so.
It's the reaction to the hot water.
Fap in a cool shower and it slides right off.
Puff jenkem, it fixes everything!
I was trying to think what could have offended this human...
Fair enough, and that goes firmly in the corner of "if an employer wants to screw you, they will find a way".
That' why anti-mobbing laws are so hard to enforce.
Pro life tip.
Every time I ever had a box of popcorn bought for me as a kid, I ended up dropping it all over the ground.
Liquid soap.
turns it back to a liquid.
The part that gets me is why is your mother controlling your shower time?
The only time my mom ever did anything remotely close to that was when I took a bath one night and fell asleep for apparently an hour.
She knocked on the door to make sure I hadn't drowned.
Worse with .
Can't be in the house for an hour without burning eyes!
We have all done something similar as a teenager.
Next time shoot it in the shampoo bottle.
man I once got in trouble for doodleing around in class with my friend and I just randomly drew a swastika (Mind Im here in germany.
I didnt do for any reason but that I think its a funny/interesting shape)
my teacher spots it and he gives me the talk.
But my friend coems up with a bullshit excuse and bails me out fortunately.
From the person who's been here 3 months, 11 days, and is still telling that stupid circlejerk phrase in the general populous.
Moral of the story: you should stick to drawing penises in your own notebook.
When I was in middle school, I had to do a group project about some book we read about the holocaust.
So I was trying to think of a title.
I wrote down "the cause of the holocaust" but I didn't notice I had written it over an erased star of David (it was still kind of visible from the pencil pressure on paper).
Then I got a talk from the teacher for my unfortunate accident.
The was actually only made 'popular' during the Nazi times as it was Hitler who adopted it as his symbol.
There are a lot of examples of the in early buddhist cultures on statues, and overall it's only linked to bad things because of Hitler.
It's outlawed almost, which is ridiculous, as it meant something good I believe within the buddhist culture before Hitler adopted it.
i don't see how you fucked up unless you got caught.
It's incoming international texts.
Also, if you aren't you aren't aware that on average our cell phones cost double what they do in other countries because of two companies holding a huge majority of the industry.
That's actually hilarious.
Yeah its also known as the "sunwheel" and as far as I know, it's supposed to symbolise good fortune.
Oh lol bummer.
That's really unfortunate.
You've scribed a wank on the
Lord's plank.
Thank.
I don't get that last part exactly - how does that help?
Maybe he circumsises older people.
master penis
I remember middle school too...
I have no idea X I think what he meant to say was that the doesn't represent one single thing.
But taken compeletly out of context and only knowing that it was the party symbol of the Party of , it stands for exactly that and nothing more.
I guess what he wanted to say was that the Nazis themselves are stigmatised because they comitted horrible acts, but not their party symbol.
Very true
I guess you're right.
What the symbol means to me and I think any person in this world is the nazi party.
We won't ever be able to shake that.
I've heard people saying it's immoral for buddhists to have the nazi symbol on their hundred year old statues.
I lose faith every now and again.
actually it did happen in middle school, a few years ago
Why does your teacher have the same planner as students?
Damn those peaceful living, nature revering, humble Nazi !
It's not almost outlawed; it is actually outlawed in .
Only if it is displayed for purposes of "education, defense against unconstitutional movements, arts and sciences, reporting on the events of the time etc." is it considered legal.
The buddist/hinduist swastika is also commonly displayed as "sqare" (as opposed to the skewed by 45 "diamond") and with the hooks to the left instead of to the right.
Alas, no one in would not immediately connect the swastika to the nazi terror.
It's tainted and likely will remain tainted for the forseeable future, so I am strongly in favor of keeping it prohibited.
Holy smokes man, that sounds like it could've been worse than it was.
How do you clean that stuff up?
lol aww.
poor little tykes!
I forgot it was inverted and a little bit skewered, I had seen that.
I don't agree that it should be prohibited, but I do agree that it's a bad sign after that era and it will stay that way for a looong time.
This happened to me on a college project, not three weeks but I lost about 2 days of 24/7 last-minute work.
I almost went into a full-blown depression :(
please start the post with TIFU and repost.
budget cuts
I will get you back your karma.
It was just so asinine of someone to go and drown my with .
I'm a true believer of (
strangers have mounted an effort to right the wrongs of another redditor...
I and my karma thank you
You know this is called "TODAY I fucked up"?
In that case he would make a living on torturing people, something that also scares me.
except reddit didn't exist back then and i found out about this subreddit today...
I'd puke.
jajajajaja
lol, reddit did exist...
not in 2004
2004 isn't exactly a few years ago...
I could both hide them in my mouth with room to spare.
That way, and they will never get caught.
I don't think anyone would be offended if you hadn't showered.
out, maybe, but offended?
That seems like an unnecessary and hilarious reaction.
it is when you are on drugs.
Get on drugs.
Your english teacher probably digs them veiny old fuckers.
he did fuck up today, by posting an old story here.
I've actually only stolen from there maybe 3 times before.
Still funny.
So, OP, did your teacher find out?
The swastika, facing the exact same direction and being diagonal, like the nazi swastika, is also the logo for the army air forces.
Man did I ever use this excuse in school (of course they knew I was bullshitting but couldn't really be arsed debating since practically there really was no way I could be wrong).
I could also be a buddhist in disguise tagging those neatly placed swastikas (and sometimes penises) in and around my local bridge.
The economy was kicking ass in 2004?
How was there budget cuts?
TIL of TIFU
Thanks for EDIT UPDATE #4
If you two get to bumpin uglies, beware if she says that she's on the pill..
dude in house that breaks things, starts fires, and spreads shit everywhere.
What part of this is your fuck-up?
You do realize most of these TIFU stories usually say "happened a while back"?
I think that means it happened some other time, other than today (the day of posting.) I'm just saying...
I don't get why they charge so much when you fuck up like this.
Why not just charge them the cost of the next plan that would cover them?
Oh, you sent 550 texts and your plan only covers 500.
instead of charging per text, why not bump them to the next tier that goes to 1000?
All the good novelty accounts were taken, eh?
All my grandma does is get drunk on "vino" and try to dance with me.
You expect us to spend money on education here in when there are TERRORISTS out there?!
with alleged BALLISTIC WEAPONS?!
Judge: "So what brings you into my courtroom today?"
You: "Fourty cents, your honor."
Judge: "What?!"
You: "fourty cents, your honor.
I was given a summons over fourty cents.
I accidentally gave incorrect change at the toll booth, your honor."
Judge: "..."
Or maybe you're an idiot.
We'll never get caught if we post the story on the internet!
My lawyer is going to just make this go away and save everyone a headache I'm hoping.
I'd love to see this play out in court.
you are wrong, and since you are wrong you must be a woman
I was moved by "rudimentary penis".
What a phrase!
OP had me on his side from that moment.
hear hear
And it doesn't really bother me.
Why would it?
So, basically the german government is infringing your freedom of speech?
Great...
This deserves its own TIFU, oh my god.
How old are the both of you?
Of course I did, it was all over the dashboard and window when I rear-ended the dude!
AMERICUHH!
I worked yesterday with my boss and he didn't say anything so I think I'm fine :D
He's just making you feel comfortable before he locks you in the freezer.
But I would break the fans and have unlimited amounts of raw meat to feast on.
Oh my god officer, I didn't know he was in there.
I thought he had gone home...
It'd be the perfect crime D:
He'd probably lose everything in a wrongful death lawsuit too.
fuck you, you heartless bastard.
Shit, sounds like a real good time to me.
you'll look back on this experience and wish that you could repeat it.
Done that.
I tried that, it ended up with my history teacher looking at a giant, veiny, hairy erection+scrotum combo.
Weird looks and laughs were present, trust me.
One does not simply correct spelling into 'Mordor'.
Lol'd
You're supposed to plug your charger into the wall, and then into your device to prevent the unfortunate even of this happening.
whatsapp brah
the swastika IS outlawed in germany.
I'm super happy to hear you taking so much responsibility here.
I work security in a big mall, and we carry master keys.
When sets go missing, noone will ever come clean.
If we're lucky, the set magically shows up one day.
every decent subreddit eventually turns into .com.
Kind if defeats the point of having separate subreddits when people reshape them into stupid, because fuck rules and separated idea's right?
WHO WANTS TO GET HIGH ON CATS AMIRIGHT?!?!
As a woman, you had me at "rudimentary penis".
by thinking it is "here here".
Insert overused patrick mayonnaise reference
I learned it the hard and sparking way.
Yes, you are also not allowed to publicly praise nazis or deny the holocaust.
of speech is only granted within constitutional boundaries.
There's most likely another somewhere has just posted about the best day of his life.
When it's on the floor it's really slippery so I had to put down about 40 pigmats and then I used a zamboni floor cleaning machine to clean the rest up.
But when it's on your skin you need to use castor oil which is like rubbing cooking oil on yourself.
It sucked especially since the day before I had liquid duct tape glue on my skin which was the worst ever.
Fuckin jet fuel leaked into the center fuel bladder and turned the glue on the back of the duct tape into liquid and it was my job to clean it up.
to say I was covered in that glue for about 2 days.
I've had two penises on my backpack this whole year, are you really this afraid of penises?
You deserved that one.
As a man, you had me at "as a woman".
Hey there...
a Costco pickle jar broke in my fridge at my old apartment and it smelt until we left.
We did not get our deposit back...
What did you think would happen?
Burn the store down.
I've been vegetarian my whole life.
Not for ethical reasons either, just personal preference.
And this is why I will never, ever, decide to try it out.
That sir, was a win.
I mean, at least you were trying to say something that needed to be said, not drawing penises or anything like that.
And you cleaned it up, no harm done.
'Murica FTFY
o wow you are a substitute?
i think that means that you need to be better with your phone.
anyway if you are a good liar then say "my phone was broken" or something.
if you are not a good liar, apologize and offer a candy bar when you show up tomorrow etc and never do it again.
oh and i would call the school as well and try to come in tomorrow.
like i said either lie or not...
that's your choice.
i would def call the school now no matter what.
just either lie and say your phone was broken or tell the truth and apologize.
o wow what a waste of taxpayer money.
make a big of stink about it as possible...
wish i had the same excuse as you though.
i have to pay a ticket for going through a stop sign in my neighborhood where there are 99% of the time no cars and i did slow down i just didn't stop completely!
bleh h8 police
Broken phone.
well a CC will save you money while getting pretty much the same education...
getting fired sucks but i didn't get a job until i was about 20 so i think it's okay to just start from scratch...
I never understood it, apparently women will dab themselves with the toilet paper and then just throw it somewhere.
And they call us gross...
A fuck-up usually means there are one or more victims...
this is more of a "whoopsie-daisy"
I have it so they call me in advance with the dates, not as an on call whenever thing.
I try to keep the phone where I'm most likely to be (on the couch reading, near the computer, etc) I also have a regular home phone located in the kitchen.
But for whatever reason I heard no ringing from either phone.
I think I'm going to call and tell them the truth, but in a more diplomatic way (not i'm so freaking sorry blah blah phone excuse blah blah).
I'll update with my actual script and their reaction.
Maybe a muffin basket?
I feel very anxious about calling.
well that sort of sucks but still..
if it is good money i think you can make the effort to come in at last notice once and a while and also update your phone...
eh not a muffin basket do something store bought because home made things can annoy people...
but only if you really want to, it's your choice...
It's like a prank every time I had to go in there
haha at least you can write.
maybe your next job should be writing something
I had one on my skateboard for a year once
Aren't muffin baskets store bought?
I'm calling now, and bringing in the goodies tomorrow morning.
I accidentally left a box of a dozen eggs on the bus.
at myself as soon as I got home and I was like "Wut?
One of my shopping bags is--- aw, SHIT."
tl;dr - left eggs on bus by accident, not as bad as beer but still kinda sucks.
oh well i guess some are...
again you don't have to but that's the way i try to deal with problems or say thank you haha
I feel like goodies/bribes work wonders.
How mad can you at the person who brought you a basket of blueberry muffins?
(she likes blueberry muffins)
Aw, man.
It's a .
: This article from the .
Keep it in your damn pocket like a normal person and you won't find yourself in these situations.
That said, lie your ass off.
Lucky save.
I've never quite experienced that deep sinking oh-shit feeling in an exam, but there have been a few "mission critical" type situations where I forgot to do something, and...
fired, that I knew about.
It was the, er, more physical interpretation I was looking for a source for.
Ah, sorry!
No problem, mate.
Do you perhaps know the answer?
That meaning is new to me.
go into the store dressed like a woman,then go into the woman's bathroom and shit on the floor.
I'm as puzzled by you are at the way the word's evolved to mean being teabagged.
I assume 'nutsack' -- 'sack' -- v.
'to sack' ?
Sounds legit.
Holy damn OO
story I have is one time I hadn't quite shut the hood properly, I think, and I don't remember if the hood came all the way up like yours did?
But I DO recall seeing the hood moving up and down, as the wind would catch it, raise it, then a momentary lull would let the hood fall again, repeat.
I DID definitely pull over and make sure the hood was shut properly, and like you, I was on a narrow shoulder and got honked at by a couple of assholes.
But it was fairly late at night so I was able to merge back on without too much trouble.
EDIT to fix some wording.
It's been used in a lot of cultures, or has been, as far as I know.
Tear off the page!
It's better than him seeing it.
It must be different in the US.
Over here the increased cost is paid by the person initiating the call or text, not the receiver.
When I was in high school, I used to have those lame "no contract" Go Phone plans.
I remember quite clearly that even incoming texts would deduct from my balance.
love/hate relationship with the PoPo, right?
You love to see 'em pulling over some other sucker, hate it when we're the sucker...
eh depends if the guy is truly being unsafe then i want him stopped otherwise i don't care
From now on, that's how I'm describing my penis when somebody asks me what it looks like.
Haha once I talked to a girl on the phone and accidentally charged my parents like $300.
[use a direct fucking link holy damn its not that fucking difficult](
What kind of clubs do 27 year olds go to to meet 18 year olds?
kinda weird bro.
I thought the ATM always makes you enter your pin again when doing another transaction.
It went okay
FUCK YEAH!
Didn't know that..
Any restaurant you have worked for clearly has never been audited, or corporate.
Nooo..nooo...noo..
:-( not a whole case!
If I did that than some poor guy like me is going to have to clean it up.
I did get my revenge, I told everyone I knew that only 2 of the cameras in the store were real.
Both of which were pointed at the cashiers.
I work at BN and feel your pain.
I'm thinking of doing something like this on my last day :)
Yes, because it's really hard to cook the books appropriately.
Do you know how business taxes work?
I've known plenty of businesses that cheat on their taxes regularly (and sometimes legally) and have never had a problem.
You just need to have an in-house auditor and move some numbers around.
There was a business I worked "with" for a long time and it existed even longer.
on the order of 35+ years.
They were involved in housing development and property management.
The owners were foreign and were mainly paid by the (dun dun dunnn) government via subsidies.
Then the giant wall of shit came falling down.
TL;DR version: company fucks the government out of money for over 3 decades and is only found out because of a fluke, not because of investigation.
In the end the family went back to their country of origin with (get this) over $250 million owed because of either unpaid taxes, fuzzy numbers, or other silly shit they did.
And in case you're wondering, I think any company that cheats is a shitty thing.
The problem is that they all do it and they all get away with it.
It's not even that hard.
If anything the businesses tied with government (through subsidized companies) is even more dirty than the ones that aren't.
/rant
You did not fuck up.
You knowingly acted like an asshole...
Your sacrifice will not go in vain; I did not know this information previously, and I thank your brave, brave tablet for his noble deed.
Oh my god.
It's flashing back to high school.
Why not just say something to him and kill the elephant in the room?
I cannot top this.
You win the interwebs.
and Tuna barf
I did fuck up, and I agree I did act like an asshole.
But I did fuck up.
Wasn't expecting a response.
No idea how to react.
Yes it's awkward, but did you do anything wrong?
Not really, chill man lol.
You can talk to him if it'll take some weight off your chest but I wouldn't worry about it.
It's three dollars, man.
It's not a big deal.
Tell your supervisor tomorrow what happened and nothing serious will come of it.
me of .
YOUR TITLE IS BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD.
No no, it would come from sack is to bed as sacked is to bedded.
Yes but, I just discovered this subreddit and this is the story of how I fucked up, is just as good.
Or IJDTSATITSOHIFU.
Man I would have left it undone and dealt with the $3 lost...
Really better than forgery but good luck.
Was she old, she probably wont even notice?
I can't see a reason why he would be mad at you for any of it.
I'm sure you'll be laughing about it tomorrow!
I've done this before.
You caught her attention, ABORT!
ABORT!
This is ridiculous, and frankly, outrageous!
, let's talk about this seriously and have a grown up discussion for a minute, okay?
The thing is, I'm not a nazi, nor do I deny the holocaust happened (duh), BUT(!), there's no way anyone who didn't witness it first hand can be absolutely certain.
Let's just say, for the sake of the argument, that some scientists find reasonable doubt that the holocaust actually didn't happen...
then what?
Every taboo, scientific idea and presumed fact have to be revised and looked at every once in awhile.
You know, just in case.
Do not tell your supervisor!
That is a terrible decision.
No one will find out.
If you tell a superior, they will be forced to send the info up the chain.
If a supervisor knows they will have to contact the woman who wrote the check just to cover their ass.
Don't put them in that situation and, more importantly, don't incriminate yourself.
You definitely fucked up, but telling anyone will make it worse.
The only way you can get caught is if 1.
She notices an imbalance in her checkbook.
She tracks it back to your transaction and 3.
She has carbon-copy checks that provide proof of the forgery.
Just learn from it.
will be fine.
You'll get over the worry soon.
You'd have to make an abbreviation of that.
would have probably been better if you'd made a sign instead.
this recent is subject to facts, not scientific speculation.
The probabillity of several million people producing the same lie is zero.
Those facts are not disputable, and any attempt to do so is either foolish or malicious.
Err...
2004 was 8 years ago, that certainly seems like a few years to me.
Just stay perfectly still, she'll lose interest and meander on.
I'm just saying, as a scientist, you can't make any assumptions.
Well, of course, to test hypothesis you have to make a lot of assumptions, but you only do so to test them.
And in a hundred, or two hundred years, how can they know what the holocaust was or even if it actually happened, if we're never allowed to even imply it didn't happen?
It's very dangerous when a government decides, and even makes a law, that something is true.
They should have just taken the extra
TYFU your TIFU title.
Still here.
Edit: that was creepy.
I still have a lame no contract phone plan.
And I never even heard of having to pay to receive a text until I read this topic.
It just seems really unfair, that's all I'm saying.
Yea, I know...
I put in the obligatory TIFU but I couldn't think up a good title, so I wrote the post expecting to go back to it.
Well of course I posted it up without ever looking back at it.
This sounds like a shit job and 5 years ago there wasn't as many issues finding jobs.
So he went to the effort to compare your handwriting just to make you clean it up and fire you?
I can't imagine that place being successful for long.
She was the most evil woman I've ever worked for.
except bitchier.
And uglier if that's possible...
enlightened :)
I think that seems very harsh!
If people start apologizing for creepy on reddit, we'll need a whole sub for it.
A "supposed" remedy is take a bath in tomato juice.
I have never been in a situation to test it though.
creepy being allowed, we'll need a whole new reddit.
Also?
If asked about changing the check, deny everything.
People legitimately change checks like this all the time.
I've even done it recently - although legitimately (wrote a rent check for the wrong amount, crossed out and initialled the changes, then gave it to the building manager).
At least it's 56/59.
That moment when someone asks to describe your genitals and you just need that one killer phrase!
its a good title, don't listen to these fuckers who treat this subreddit like a cult.
OMG MUST HAVE TIFU IN EVERY TITLE, MUST WEAR SAME UNIFORM AND HAVE SAME HAIR CUT
I like how it devolves into horror stories of cleaning women's restrooms
That sucks - at least in my case when I forgot my card, I had already completed my transaction and the machine had spat my card out.
I'd just totally blanked on removing it from the machine's slot.
You told the dragon bitch to fuck off and ended up with a better internship with awesome people.
Glad you won in the end, bro.
Oh I completely knew he felt that way.
That's why it was stupid of me to look.
sounds like you dodged a bullet with him
"" is definitely the key word there.
A redditor who grew up in the country and had a retarded dog.
So you don't have a cat..
you single?
I do have a cat actually but not one that he gave to me.
And no I currently am not.
why, just WHY THE HECK would I never think of these easy ways out?
srsly, there are some mistakes you just don't have to admit.
oversleeping is one of the best examples, but I always lack of smart ideas.
Uh, yeah.
That's my stapler.
I could burn the building down.
With toilet paper as a fire starter.
"I told you it belonged in the toilet...
Why were you watching porn with him in the room?
People get beat up and shot for their nice sneakers.
Stay safe my man.
But anyway, now you will probably value your shoes a lot more and never forget.
i hope there wasnt any security cameras around the register...
They'll be fapping together tomorrow.
Good brother bonding session.
I used to work at books-a-million years ago, we rotated cleaning the bathroom and oddly enough one of my colleagues never minded doing it.
He also managed to finish very quickly (less than half the time it took most everyone else) so I approached him about it one day.
My smile grew wider as he was telling me this because I knew where it was going.
When it was his turn he pulled out the mop, bucket, and broom, walked in, swept debris into the stalls, and then poured the bottle of bleach right on to the floor.
Oh yeah.
My first dog had to have a few baths with a special shampoo.
It's usually more like someone pulls on the toilet paper roll too hard and it spools out extra.
I'm not saying they are justified in leaving it there, but this is how a lot of TP gets on the floor.
is some women line the toilet seat with paper first and when they stand up some of it might fall from the seat to the floor.
Again, they should pick it up, but it's not like it's urine-soaked TP most of the time.
Well, did she watch it ?
And link pleaase.
Do you really think she wont watch it, when you tell her to?
Just be open about it.
It's much easier that way.
I'm pretty sure 90%(or probably more) of men watch porn at some time in their lives.
you just won my internet heart!
i'm sorry for being rude.
you rock!
Lose about 3 pairs a year to getting drunk at parties and leaving them where they are easily accessed.
Gotta stay up on that shit.
So you went to waffle house with no shoes on?
Your boss seemed to be an ass hat.
I've been a despot here at the shop for too long or that the employees here tend to be such scumbags that the small things don't bother me anymore.
That seemed to be not that big of a deal.
Maybe worthy of earning a #3232;#3232; and go clean it off, but not a firing.
hydrogen peroxide is what you need, can probably google a recipe for it.
Who the hell laughs like that?
1/3 correct uses of "you're"...
Who drops their drawers to their feet?
the check as is and fessing to losing the store $3 is no big deal.
You know what you did wrong, and I expect you to not make that mistake again.
to forgery (even for $3) escalates things into a new realm.
Time to see if the OP gets lucky.
A french ginger that just quit smokin, duh!
Man I want your life.
deny, deny, deny
Years ago a friend of mine was living with his then girlfriend in a house in East where the skunk population is rather large.
They also have a pet dog this panzy little thing.
So its a hot summer day and puppy is out back farting around while the two were doing something in the house.
The skunk sprays the dog, the dog then gets spooked and runs into the house and jumps into their bed under the covers.
Total bummer dude!
I love telling that story because it didn't happen to me...
You can make up for this.
Start now!
Your wasting time :).
Ive done a paper in a few hours at that length.
will work out!
How did you lose the sources?
Were they on your computer somewhere?
Hahaha well thank you.
Make sure to contribute.
I think I was so excited to be done with the paper that I might have closed the other document without saving.
I'm an idiot
As I understand two companies also hold what is basically the entire network in Aus (Optus and ).
Any company that is not them (vodaphone, virgin, etc) providing phone service is on one of their networks as an independent company paying to use the network.
Prices here are pretty reasonable though.
I suppose it costs a lot to set up your own infrastructure to compete with the big companies, huh?
Sorry if it's silly of me to think you may not have considered this, but are some of them saved in browsing history?
If not, good luck in finding your sources.
hahahaha it is alright!
The first draft of our research paper was due a month ago and we got it back a week ago.
I was looking to put the finishing touches on it and...
well no sources.
I tend to delete my browsing history once a month to keep the internet running a little bit faster
The independent companies here do pay the main two companies (Bell and Rogers) for use of the infrastructure.
they don't seem to compete much and just generally keep prices high.
The independent companies are cheaper but they are only available in major cities at this time so their growth has been limited and they have trouble getting advertising out.
It's all very unfortunate.
some independents are finally gaining headway thanks to recent press and information becoming available to more people.
we can see some improvement moving forward.
From what I understand, you have the paper written and saved, just not the hyperlinks to the articles?
If so, try copying the quote you used in your essay into google, and the website should come back up again.
OOO using the quote too.
I didn't really think about that.
I was just going to google the citation link in the paper.
At least you didn't punch out a cabbie.
Or did you...
Most of our basic laws are not grounded in science, and rightfully so.
Those laws are the codification of the morals of society.
We all know that murder is wrong because our collective morals, formed by millenia of culture and religion, tells us so.
has no part in this, because it cannot prove that murder is "wrong".
It is by definition free of ethics.
Laws hold a different kind of truth than science strives for.
She's also not likely to notice since peope don't get their cancelled checks back any more - just smaller images.
I was an 18 year old asshole with an attitude and a severe loathing for anyone with money.
Didn't think he heard me.
learned a valuable lesson.
the hard part was having to tell my father, who had put himself through college and med school by busting his ass.
That was embarrassing and painful.
Tough lesson to learn, but one I've never forgotten.
, and the holocaust is, as of now, a scientific and historic fact, not anything you can say happen by making it a law.
That's like saying; God is real, it says so in our constitution.
This German law apparently bans anyone from questioning scientific facts.
Well, that's ridiculous, because remember; it was once a scientific fact that the earth was flat, everything orbited earth, and so on and so forth.
The core of my argument is this: one must always have the ability to re-check and establish scientific ideas, facts, and theories.
Oh, of course.
How could I be so naive?
on quitting by the way.
All we got was a dog who was drooling because he loves the taste of tomato and skunk, apparently.
I never cited a real source in my life.
I wrote the paper, then went to the wiki page and cited wikipedia's sources.
No one ever checked.
My papers always got good marks.
Go explain it.
he will understand it was a mistake based on your explanation.
In the mean time, find out who forwarded the comment to him and have him killed.
I wish I had a catheter like House so I wouldn't have to get up to go to the bathroom all the time.
I couldn't even begin to tell all the stories from BAM...
One day I had to replace a roof tile in the ladies bathroom because someone decided it would be funny to stick a used tampon pad on it.
Well as I was taking it down an entire stack of fell down out of the roof.
I did the same thing at the beach.
I left my nice sandals off while brushing off the sand and the drove off without putting my sandals on again.
Not shoes, but I liked those sandals.
Good luck mate!
Hope it all works out.
NP
Be thankful it wasnt your whole paper you lost!
This happened twice to my mom.
Her dog was sprayed and just ran to her bed.
Why do dogs immediately go for the bed?
Safe spot maybe?
of horror stories for cleaning bathrooms...
The oddest one I've ever had was when I worked as a lifeguard.
It was a small Parks and Rec pool in the middle of the ghetto.
We would lock the bathroom doors at night and then open them up the next day.
When I read it I thought of that slug lady's laugh in 's Inc.
He's over-reacting because he is misinformed to what really happened.
Yes, they search the safety of the alpha leader.
I only regret that I didn't get fired before I had to clean it up.
Stupid people have no clue how to get permanent marker off of walls.
So...I'msorrygottaask ...what did it feel like?
Unless there are cameras that cover the register...probably shouldn't lie if it's on tape, just tell them you goofed if need be
Yea, but it'd have to be one of those really short news articles they put in the corners of the newspapers.
longer than like 2 paragraphs and I get bored.
My dad has given up, I think, in trying to hide his porn.
The other day I was sort of behind him to the left and he was telling me about feeding the cats or something.
All the while his screen is covered in porn.
Lots of porn.
surprising though.
Go upstairs any time after 8 and I am liable to see it.
I wish he would reposition the couches in the living room.
prof sounds like a baby
Sieg heil, mein Freund!
's section for porn, and the furthest corner was the Bible section for the longest time which made me giggle.
Found porn there almost every day.
What is there even to be offended about?
Sounds like this person is being...
overly dramatic.
I believe that the person who sent your professor the facebook message, was the person who you ignored the call from.
As they were probably upset that you did so, if it was important, and they saw the only way to get back was to email your professor.
To be honest, probably as you believe; the post doesnt seem too offensive to his behalf.
If that is all you posted about him, I believe he is overreacting but he is the professor, the mandator of roles in performances as you pointed out.
See if you can improve things with him, and amend the situation with an apology and point out that the post has since been deleted and you didnt mean harm when posting.
He is probably an older gentlemen who doesnt understand the "That awkward moment" phrase and is hence confused by your statement, taking it personally
He's a theatre professor so...
EDIT: Yeah, I see how stupid this whole deal was.
I think after my dad knew I was watching his porn, he just said fuck it and started leaving shit out.
I remember he used to have this DVD just sitting out in the open.
as men, I think we all watch that shit because sex is on our minds constantly.
At least that's the case for me!
that sounds bad.
This is a lesson for all dog owners, train the dog to stay out of the bed or suffer the consequence!
Then again regardless of how you train a dog if it's spooked it's going to do things like that.
Well, as a lady, I really wish he would learn to alt-tab.
Use next time, it's free.
I figure pensioners are more likely to notice.
Go back to the unlit basement.
thing happened to me but with my anatomy lecturer.
But i sent him a "rude" email explain how my situation was rubbish, and he assumed it was directed at him.
People like it when you admit your mistakes and apologise, just explain how sorry you are he was offended (on purpose or not) and explain.
You don't have any, you know, books?
As sources?
I have no idea what he was doing.
I'm guessing he was peeing, but it looked like he was in front of the sink.
So I'm just not going to think about it...
I tend to delete my browsing history once a month to keep the internet running a little bit faster
I very highly doubt the person who emailed the teacher was the person who had called him earlier...
I'm flabbergasted that that was the first thing you concluded haha
one or two but, mostly websites
Did you get a hangover?
Okay I get it.
It may not be the reason my internet runs faster but, it seems like if I have a clear browser history the pages tend to load more often
Dude he's your brother I don't know him or anything but I'm sure he probably doesn't care too much.
At least it wasn't grandma
shit in their pillow
It is not the history, as so more likely the website cache and data deletion that would speed up browsing.
is just basic text entries and take up minimal space while the above can take up hundreds or thousands of megs.
Well when the dog sleeps on the bed, I don't think you can train it to stay off.
You just have to live with those consequences.
I think my mom would be willing to replace or wash her sheets when this happens for the comfort of sleeping with her dog.
I'm still trying to tell if I'm being played or if you're really that naive..
wow this is embarrassing.
I am not good with computers and the internet.
I am not a programmer or anything just a plain average guy who doesn't own a mac.
I'm not playing you, sorry to disappoint
Still drunk in the morning.
I had to leave work at 2.
There aren't any cameras by the registers that work.
There's only one camera in the whole store, and it's a dummy cam.
That's a terrible idea, if your prof ever uses turnitin you're fucked.
Well, I crossed out the digits and initialed it.
Then I also crossed out the written amount and initialed it too.
If she looks at her receipt, she'll see the amount I changed her check to.
So, perhaps she will just calculate her receipt totals and never have a need to look at the smaller image.
I will NEVER, ever, do any thing like this again.
It is not worth the stress and fear.
i can take care of that.
see...look at all the good things that can happen when you air your problems in a group of strangers, stalkers and trolls.
but seriously, i got the mole.
You never really win when it comes to wall punching...
unless you don't mind your wall looking like swiss cheese.
I totally heard the laugh as Beavis.
Sounds like there's more history of interaction with this professor than you're relaying here.
What should you do?
Be professional, and set up a time to meet with him in person and address this issue, and your ongoing relationship/interactions.
Do not leave this with just an email apology.
Yep, walked in with socks behind my friends and quickly sat down.
And then I had amazing chocolate waffles.
Surely your fuck up has been ongoing since you left it all to do today?
Nah, she looks like a mouse.
All of the paper was written.
I was putting the finishing touches on it.
Plus, I have been busy with other stuff like 6 exams over the last week
Oh my God that reminds me of that time I picked up a snail thinking it's a fucking stick.
I already sent him an email apology, but I was also planning on calling him so we could talk about it.
But I'm not sure if I should address it ASAP, or give him some time to cool off.
There was nothing offensive about your post, but I can understand how your professor could have read it and assumed you accused him of "asking you for the bill".
That doesn't really mean anything out of context but don't ever underestimate just how wildly out of touch professors are.
You already emailed him to explain, but it seems like crossed wires so set it out in very clear terms.
"I got a call this morning that I assumed was from asking for a bill, but then later after hearing from you assumed it must have been you calling.
I felt like an idiot and shared my goof with my classmates for a self-deprecating chuckle.
I can see how this could have been taken out of context and am very sorry to have mentioned you at all in a public forum.
It won't happen again."
Maybe it was your boss doing it.
If need be get an involved.
They are the most underutilized tool university students have.
They can and usually do get stuff like this straightened out.
Get all of the communication you put forth (fb posts etc) documented for evidence.
You've done nothing wrong and the post in question is pretty bland.
If he tries to bring anything against you the should take care of it.
If they aren't helpful then lawyer up.
If that happened to me, I would give it over to the prosecutor's office.
It's a federal offense to change a check.
Tell NOBODY ANYTHING and DENY EVERYTHING.
to apologize for, it's just that I've never imagined another reason to clear cache or history other than hiding my tracks (coughporncough).
Good on ya for focusing on the practicalities!
I once saw a legit statistic (cant find the source though, was quite some time ago) and it said that 99% of all boys have seen porn before the age 19.
That's quite the cough you got there, buddy.
I hope it's not contagious...
Dang, good call!
hahahaha well there is that too
Talk to him.
your apologies in person.
again (BRIEFLY!) that it was a joke, BUT that you understand why he was upset about it.
again, and tell him you hope this does not affect/ only has a minor impact on your professional relationship.
Did you ask him how to score from left side?
Good Guy ohmahjah:
the title to let us know this really didn't happen today
Meh, if it was that easy to punch through, it's most likely drywall (sheetrock) and is really really easy to repair.
Thank you, it's been a week now.
I decided to drop the cigarette and take up reddit.
Not sure Im better on the addiction front though...
It burned where the spray made contact with skin and reeked like no odor I have smelled before.
I'm not sure if my weak stomach caused me to vomit or the smell and vapors was really that bad.
I am also extremely embarrassed that I'm the dumbass that got sprayed by a skunk haha.
I only told my mom and dad and you, reddit.
of thousands of megabytes?
That would literally be several hundred gigabytes.
I don't know why I even tried to read this.
I knew it was going to be in a language I couldn't read and I still tried.
I should sleep.
He browses a lot of porn.
They seem related.
Unless theres that big of a rat on facebook where he cares so much as to email the teacher about a little status OP made
Use viber, its an app for most phones, works well :)
You devious bastard, you...
Very easy to fix.
Make it your DIY project
Reddit's probably more and less healthy at the same time.
The reason he probably wanted to delete your weather application because it probably constantly talks to their servers for your location and uses a lot of battery.
You can check under - - Usage if you have android.
And see what apps are using most battery and delete them
Google can solve this problem for you.
Drop quoted text from your paper into the search bar.
, he doesn't sound that "hot" to me, based on what you quoted from his email.
It more sounds like there is a misunderstanding on his part, or he is reacting to more than just this particular status update.
It doesn't seem possible to interpret the status that you related as being the problem, as "fabricated" or "untrue".
But, you're the only one here who would know if you might have said other, more offensive things that could've found a way back to him.
While you can certainly defer to his scheduling preference, I don't think you need to give him "cooling off" period.
, that's kind of condescending, implying that he's not able to handle his emotional responses in a professional manner, when it seems like he is doing just that.
By the way, are you sure he's not a redditor?
I am also hoping that if you have any future problems or concerns with me that you talk to me personally about them and I won't have to discover them on FACEBOOK Reddit.
Got a masters and 2 BAs this way
If he does his job right it shouldn't matter.
Saying that it also should be an easy explanation and a few sorry's should fix it
Yeah, that would be for the better.
At least it wasn't some freaky SM or beastiality shit...
or was it?
Been there, done that, found the 2x4 behind it.
Plus "rudimentary penis" drawings are meant to be shared with the world.
Go children, go and share you penises with everyone!
How much signal I need for 4 lane merge?
None?
Okay, good luck everyone else!
So...you break their wall, and they take you on vacation.
Good people there.
If you're punching walls, you have an anger management problem.
I feel like I need to shower now.
It's not illegal to use all the same sources as .
I don't use the information on , just the sources.
I never got caught during my entire time at college so it must have been pretty safe.
That is weird.
I learned something too then!
Troy must've been a huge slut!
Okay first of all, when you talk to him, just explain that it was a misunderstanding.
That should be obvious, you're in college.
Second, he said nothing about your college career being jeopardized, besides the fact that he will grade you poorly.
If he's so professional, then this will be a non-issue, and I'm sure once you explain things, your relationship with him will be back to normal.
Come on man, don't post this to reddit asking advice on what you should do.
It's really obvious what you should do and just man up and go talk to him.
And go in person, if you didn't already know that.
Once you square things with your prof, proceed to hunt and kill the person who forwarded your status to him.
EDIT: Sorry that came off as really mean.
I misunderstood what he said, I thought that he was using other sources, and then just attributing them to wikipedia's sources.
I misunderstood what he said, I thought that he was using other sources, and then just attributing them to wikipedia's sources.
you got the "Konami virus" and stay at home playing video games obviously...
from that day on I fucking hate animals.
I did not see that ending coming.
Why would he lie about buying you a cat?
That seems a bit pointless...
ha its a fucking theatre major what a joke
What's that supposed to mean?
I didn't mean to come off as mean in my last post but I don't mind doing it here:
You're a dick.
Who cares?
It's not like he doesn't watch porn too.
To make me sound worse than I am I suppose.
You're a prick my good sir!
motherfucker DO YOU USE THEM?
explain it with a dramatic apology.
And make sure to throw in how stupid you are about posting anything relating to work or otherwise to facebook.
(sounds like hes trying to convey that to you in your quote and keep you out of trouble.)
don't wait talk to him.
Your TL;DR was nearly as long as the story itself...
Just explain it.
If this doesn't sort out the issue, nothing will, and it's not worth your time.
I agree with you on that.
The law as it stands today is certainly a bit harsh and the law should prohibit as few ideologies as possible.
, one must understand that it serves to protect the public, and the youth in particular from people glorifying the nazis and denying the holocaust.
The reasoning is that what happened then, 80 years ago, when the nazis rose to power, could happen again in the future if we were to forget what the terrible consequences are.
no one is allowed to deny these consequences in public and especially not in schools.
So this is a very special provision which is a unique extension of the prohibition of instigating the public against the constitution.
TIFU by posting about my prof on FB, so I'll post about him on Reddit and then make a joke about him being overly dramatic.
WTF, man!
hopefully he doesn't read reddit
Haha, so true.
I'm no Nazi, but I still believe the Nazis are entitled to their right to believe and say what ever the hell they want.
Then again, I of course also have the right to tell them they are bat shit crazy and full of lies.
I understand, and am actual in favour of, protecting the public; however, is a democracy, right?
, if not the people themselves (the overwhelming majority at that), who are to tell them what is actually, objectively, right?
I don't really think so.
Points which I feel need to be made:
Snails do not look like sticks.
Snails are delightful.
You want to shower after that?
" who to tell them what is actually, objectively, right?"
GOD. /discussion
wow your fucked
I am acutely terrified of slugs and snails, and my brother once put a slug in my bed, when I was about 7.
Worst day of my life.
mmm snickers.
Just awesome.
Either way, if he's like that then it's a good thing he's in the past.
Worst day of my life.
Life gets incredibly worse than a mere slug in your bed.
Bless your heart.
I've heard he's kind of a douche.
Can you confirm this?
You are underestimating the sheer terror it produced!
It was hyperbole of course, though.
Google - baking soda, hydrogen peroxide skunk removal - Dog got hit twice within 6 months.
It works better than anything else, but it takes a couple applications.
When it rains, it pours.
I feel ya.
(lost count of the # of times I've tried finding a little computer screw on the floor)
EDIT: You did find the USB drive eventually, yeah?
It almost looks like you could buff it out, maybe?
IDK, never even remotely tried.
who's experienced with concrete should be able to help you though.
What is that?
A scratch or a scuff?
If it's a scuff mark, you can just buff it out with some goo gone.
If it's a scratch, I have no idea.
Please go on, psychiatrist...
It's better when your in a dorm and share 3 showers with about 30 other guys...let's play guess the pube!
EDIT: Did I really write 'your' instead of 'you're'?!
Did we get to the point where it's three figures an hour ;)
Damn, I'm even infuriated by this.
You read it right.
This would make a good legal defence.
"I'm innocent, your honor!
The real culprit here is hyperbole!"
I lived with 2 other guys my junior year of college, both of which had longer hair (hell, so do I).
One hated touching hair period and one wasn't really bothered by it in the drain.
I was always the one that cleaned it up.
Didn't bother me, really.
Then again I worked as a state worker 4 at a state park for 3 summers, and janitorial duties were a large part of my job.
ALSO could you imagine that you ripped it under your desk?
it'd go all over my cables and computer and carpet.
I was at a hotel once, probably 10 or 12 years old, when I came across what looked like a popsicle of some sort floating off to the side of this gigantic wave pool.
Nobody was around it, so I thought, sweet, free popsicle.
I trudged over to it, picked it up, and that's when it began to squish out liquid all down my arm.
TL;DR - Picked up a tampon in a pool, thinking it was a popsicle.
I did this once too, horrifying shit.
Protip: mouse-wheel click closes a tab ;)
I know you were on a laptop, but just saying, I only figured it out a couple days ago by mistake :)
Look man, people in the room can't see the screen when you are in this spot.
Oh, you poor thing.
I was laughing the whole second half.
No need to be sorry!
I completely understand the moment of panic you went through.
WHAAAT
mind=blown
I read this in Fry's voice.
So you're saying you're only 13?
You're welcome bro, we all gotta pull together for these noble causes lol!
Hooray!
Severe injuries only!
I can no longer use severely in an exclamatory sentence without hearing Hermes say " reduced pay all around!"
If you already touched it, why didn't you just throw it in the thrash and washed your hand?
Trash
My uncle did what you said in the last sentence now he's in prison...
Don't listen to the fucking count.
One time I stepped on a slug, barefoot.
I can still feel the way it popped and slooshed between my toes.
how the hell does butter catch fire?
To be honest, I am not sure.
Either I have the cooking talent of a Sim, or I put the burner up too high/put it in the wrong pan.
I'm still confused.
I feel ya man.
Well she told me she didn't, so I'm taking her word for it.
The first thing I said was "you have to watch this"
or hide the window with a keyboard command, that's the easiest.
Well, that was quite the tale.
I sure hope things work out for her.
When in doubt, drop and run
It was caused by the rim of a tire, and it looks like it just scratched the shiny paint on the top off...
She was PISSED.
You should have put the butter in the pan, then let it heat up.
I had always heard that to and I didn't want to believe it, but it's true.
It was quit obvious he had a better-than-thou attitude and a believed he could do whatever he wanted at any time.
This included spilling drinks everywhere, taking people's hats off and throwing them across the bar, etc.
I wish I had a huge story about him punching someone in the face, but even these little things showed that he had no respect for anyone around him.
Sweet, free unwrapped popsicle floating in the pool
hundreds or thousands of megs.
Read in proper context.
Makes you look like less of a douche.
use a cast-iron pan next time
Would you let your sister date a guy who punched holes in walls?
You get an upvote just for your username.
And yes, I will.
I learned that one the hard way.
Him being mad?
Not likely.
Now, might he tease you a bit about, riff you?
Should you be worried?
He might have a little fun making you uncomfortable, but then everything will move on.
Heck, might not even ever get mentioned.
This happened to me before, but with a whole fish.
, the heat was too high, and a flame licked the side of the oiled pan...
in a fire.
I freaked the fuck out, and put it out with some water.
burns my hand, so I look, and it's a hot bead of plastic.
A corner of the microwave that was above the stove partially melted and dripped right onto my hand.
That was not a good day.
I suddenly feel so damn old.
Yeah, writing on a black person wasn't that good for me either...
I guess it doesn't mean anything now but I would've gone with "5 years ago TIFU".
story, I was in track in 9th grade, and at that time I used an athletic locker that didn't have the capabilities to lock.
I made the mistake of leaving my nike shoes that i just bought before track started in there after summer vacation started.
They were still practically new, because a thrower like me didn't do a ton of running and I just started so I wasn't going to any of the extra meets.
I still cringe at the sight of someone wearing those beautiful silver nikes.
TL;DR; Left good nike shoes in unlocked athletic locker for a week after summer started, got stolen, now regret
Being accident prone, I've been able roll with the weird shit that happens to me but I think i walked into that one :)
Props, my hei ren.
I'm amazed at the choices of words to describe the 'master' penis.
.com
writemyessay.com
.com
(too lazy too look for it)
Type in a subject aand you can hold whatever key and it.writes.you an essay.
It probably wwont be exact but use it to get a lot of.points from
I read it in Philip J.
Fry's voice.
Oh jeez, never had a microwave melt on my hand.
Did it leave a mark?
what's wrong with picking up a snail?!
I'm outraged that this is in the same ballpark as a fist full of pubes.
It reaches its burning point.
Very true.
A few years ago some chick accused me of copping a feel off of her drunk friend.
It wasn't me.
I'm usually a happy drunk but being accused of something like this really pissed me off.
I couldn't punch her so I took it out on the wall in my bathroom.
The next day I went to Home Depot to ask for advice on how to fix the hole and for the materials.
The guy that worked there that I went to for help looked like he was about 50 years old and never outgrew his gawky awkward teenage phase.
I told him that the hole was about 2x5" to which he replied "Oh, you mean a fist sized hole!
Hyuk!
Hyuk!" I smiled and said yes.
I got the stuff I needed, a little plastic bucket with dry wall and a screen to spread it over the top of, and fixed it myself in less than 30 minutes.
TL;DR Drunk chicks can be fucking cunts.
I've picked my MOMS pubes out of the drain.
I screamed.
A lot.
welp.
he already told reddit
Maybe he meant snake.
I punch walls when I'm angry because it stops me getting angry at other people...
quite frankly, if MY sister wants to date a guy who punches walls then so be it.
At least he wont be punching her.
Hehe, thanks!
oh woes, your older brother caught you...
in no manner could it have been a worse family member or total stranger...
bet you he had NEVER seen porn before!
I pity you.
I only hope you find someone to be with and that someone has some kind of cooking ability.
That or you have the money to eat out all the time.
That's not the worst part...
He then posted ( on 9gag.
Bitch, I was making grilled cheese since I was 9.
Burnt my fucking finger every damn time, but it was so worth it.
That 5 minute phone call on Skype would cost you about half of what one minute costs from your telco.
If you have wifi access and Skype on your phone, long distance is so much cheaper that way.
And it doesn't sound like absolute crap!
you need to load up your Skype account with like ten bucks worth of Skype credit first, and I think it expires...
I'll just...learn from this.
And try to ask for help next time.
Is there something I'm missing?
I feel for you, pal.
Giving you big old interwebs hugs
Even if it had been the right person...
why would you say that?
That sucks and she was being way anal, but I find it hard to believe that you couldn't hold back "fucking bitch" and actually called your supervisor that.
She deserved it but you have a temper, really.
You are not obligated to be connected to your cell phone 24/7.
I'm glad this turned out well.
I read it in David 's voice.
HIS fucked?
I was looking at porn with my mom and her boyfriend in the room once.
After about a half hour I realized they could see everything I was doing out of the reflection off my glasses.
Here are a few random ideas; try rubbing it with a bounce sheet
Get a hand grinder and a polishing wheel.
Try giving it a thorough cleaning then painting over it with a laquer then polishing it.
It is hard to tell what kind of damage it is from the pics and I claim no responsibility for whatever outcome
I believe we were talking about servers, not the managers/accountants of the company.
So, before you get condescending and rant off topic like a jackass again.
I have worked in around 10 different restaurants.
have been harped on declaring 100% of tips at every one.
Does this happen?
No, I personally do not declare 100% of my tips for taxes.
I pay 4% of my total sales to support and bar staff.
I declare my take home, not my total tip.
I don't want to make you feel worse but TYFU the title of your TIFU post.
Please try recording yourself trying to read this, it's hilarious for .
It was one of those naked snails, slugs, without a home on their backs.
He was small, similiar colored to a stick and it was dark.
Yeah that's not a fuck up, op is just a dick.
Thanks, I am too.
I have a pullup bar I put up on my back porch, and all components are rated for at least three times my own weight.
less, I wouldn't trust...
when you swing on something like that, you generate forces well in excess of weight.
That's a big fuck up.
Yes sir, you did fuck up.
clockwork sabotage
(/megusta)
...that would be walking away from an entirely reasonable profit source?
and no one noticed, for absolutely no good reason.
Doesn't say much for the quality of their drinks, does it.
(This is what I love about Spain - you order a GT, a waiter arrives with a bucket-sized glass and up-ends a bottle of into it, then leaves a bottle of at your table...)
How old is your professor?
Couldn't you just take the laptop to your room and say you want to listen to some music and don't want to disturb them?
It might just be me but I find the idea of watching porn with my family in the same room a little weird.
TIL a new word in
Please don't write on me.
Yeah, you shouldn't do that.
Women hate that.
only usually if it's not their boyfriend asking...
I freaked the fuck out, and put it out with some water.
You tried to extinguish an oil fire with water?
Didn't that just make things a whole lot worse?
I'm going to assume you're using a gas stove, because you'd have to try pretty hard to heat up a pan that much on a conventional stove top.
You've probably heated the pan way, way too much.
learn't
We want to hear the sad.
Tell us...
for an upvote.
that'll learn him!
This isn't the same girl you were into but wasn't into you, is it?
Y'know the one who "doesn't like sex"?
I have one of those in my room in the basement too, and I swing on it all the time and that's never happened to me.
And it made of wood...
Turn toaster on to side.
Do 2 slices of cheese on toast.
Take out and sandwich together, works everytime.
Make sure you don't let the toaster 'pop' though, otherwise your toast will fly across the kitchen.
Ted, it's okay.
Robin will come back.
Go get er'.
I could maaaybe see that with a good friend.
I smell a story.
They'd still be making profit by bumping you to the next service tier.
Yeah, they're not making as much.
Just one of those, "It'd be nice if.." things.
what was the paper about.
im just curious
Yeah...very unfortunate...
I just posted a (
Hey I wasn't say show your actual, I was talking about drawings.
sounds like you upgraded.
try re-applying the shiny glaze, or polishing it up alittle.
maybe she has a tub of it in the garage?
or was it like this when you bought the house?
Its bad but doesn't look terrible..
good luck though.
Um, sorry, but I guess I'm just don't understand the connection from farm supplies to radio news.
I've been trying to get a radio job in the for 6 months and I graduated with a degree in journalism-- internships, honors, etc.
People don't just call out of the blue.
And they don't put you on air without experience.
for making it, I would give anything for your luck.
But I'm a bit incredulous.
Ended up being fired over it.
I know, I saw that post.
What i'm asking is how one goes from the farm supply sector into the field of radio journalism.
There are very few skills that carry over.
Also, it is rare that a station will teach you how to write wire stories--they expect you to know that shit before you arrive.
This guy is either related to someone at the station, it's a tiny ass po-dunk station in central IL where they have few college educated people, or this is bullshit.
My vote is all three.
THAT'S your idea of embarrassment?
I was serving at a bar and had a conversation that when something like this:
: Hello, could I get a medium white wine?
Me: Oh, I'm afraid we only do small and large...
Still get stick for that 2 years on.
The next TIFU for OP- "I spelled something wrong on Reddit"
That's concrete with stain and sealer on it.
It looks like the 'scratch' is rubber from the tires.
I would not try to grind it off - you're just going to make it worse.
I like the goo gone idea, but would try in an inconspicuous area first.
Well the guy whom I had worked with before was talking me up to all the Execs.
Shit, bro.
Even though you didn't save it it may still be in the recent documents tab, worth a try.
I just had my first drink of gin and tonic last night (I am not a big drinker).
I honestly think the seltzer was the nastiest part of the drink!
That's an absolutely terrible idea.
Protip: Don't watch porn in a room with other people.
A corner won' t save you.
protip: middle click tabs to close them (Middle click links to open them in new tabs)
That makes me really sad to hear that.
I'm a huge fan and to hear that one of my favorite players is a douche bag and has a holier-than-thou attitude makes me like the Hawks even less.
Oohh...
Well, still don't do the last sentence without having full context???
Great.
If you learn one thing from this experience it should be that is a herbicide, not a fertilizer.
Good luck in the news biz.
Well, I'm not exactly going to say on reddit.
I will tell you that I am a conservative college student.
I guess I could say "use your imagination" and you won't be very far off
All this shows is that knowing someone is almost always greater than actually being good at the job.
a fucking stick?
So, a penis?
Butter has a very low flash point (the point in which something spontaneity combusts), and I'm guessing that OP had the stove on very high.
Best to use medium to low heat.
Spread butter on each piece of bread that would touch the pan.
Place butter in pan, let melt.
Place cheese sandwich on pan.
Flip a lot.
Wait, what station?
What Time?(Fellow Illi here)
What are you from?
Is it pub stories?
I guess it is.
Man if that's the biggest fuck up at bar work you've done then good for you.
Worst part would it going all down my leg, luckily it was a quite day so had plenty of time to clean it up.
Haven't dropped any yet but the day I do it'll probably end up on here...
You Sir, fucked up in a good way!
I think we can apply planned happenstance here!
is the ost important thing when it comes to getting a job!
took me waaay to long to understand.
you sir are the man
Is that why I can't get a job?
I'm an antisocial hermit?
Not true, but it helps to have someone simply set it up.
I still don't get it, explanation?
Let us know how it goes.
TBH, I would have just taken to loss.
My first job I did something similar on one of those old credit card machines where you had to manually type in the amount to be charged.
After I rang up all the groceries, I forgot to total it out.
The difference due to tax was about $9.
I just cashed out the remaining and freaked the rest of the day.
The closing manager asked me about being $9 short, and I just said I didn't know.
He was cool, though, and knew that I would never steal.
He covered it up somehow and I never heard about it.
only way to get work in the oil business in Norway...
It's also possible that the person was completely shmammered.
I've seen my roommate order double jameson's and be served iced tea and have no idea.
We buy and sell debt.
Each row is a different person.
, as it turned out, somehow copy over or deleted, 3 million in people.
I will find it but if i hadn't caught it, I would have been fucked.
I had 548 mil where I should have 551 mil.
If you wanted to, could you run a little scheme like in the film "office space", I assume there is a tighter leash on the likes of this.
I don't know what scheme you mean?
I did news at a campus radio station at .
I never had more fun.
You're never going to get rich working in radio, but you will be comfortable as long as you have a job.
So awesome.
In fact, as a news guy, often there's sort of an expectation that you'll keep the audience tuned in with a certain level of puff-pieces and oddball news.
Reddit is a great place to gather news.
Taking it little by little over a long period.
Pft.
Except on it's own it's pretty worthless.
I would have to find a buyer.
It's not worth anything if you can't sell it.
Is this the elaboration as to how you went from getting fired for some stupid mistake to being on the news?
I think this is it, but not entirely sure.
That's priceless!
I sure hope it's true.
Thanks for the laughs!
next time you can ask one of the girls to lend you a hand, so to speak.
Not to be an ass, but you sound like an immature fuckup who keeps stumbling into paying jobs.
As an immature fuckup making minimum wage, I'm really fucking jealous.
Russia
Ah its not as simple as I thought.
They used the good ol' "money straight into bank"
i think the 'medium' reference is to medium dry/sweet
The filename in the link of that video is...fascinating.
It begs to be chanted.
The well-balanced alliteration...
the internal near-rhyme scheme...
it's downright poetic.
so bring her in?
nothing spells trouble better than a fwb triad.
BUT on the bright side, you can hold it against her as well.
oin several levels (if thats your thing)
there was a recent fuckup where a case of beer was left on the bus...
I have never heard of this method, but it sounds interesting.
Dont worry, its only the most embarrasing part of your life so far
I don't think you understand what TL;DR means, tampon boy.
Yep, I have a small scar on my right palm from it.
I think I blew it out, this was several years ago.
Wow, gross.
Well, at least he saw the humorous side.
And as an added bonus to humor, he'll probably make a few anal jokes in the future.
[, it's fairly common.](
Haha they would see right through that one.
That was out of your control.
Of course, neither did the dog.
It's just life.
Well the way it is, people hardly ever go to check whatever you're doing, and because everyone uses it in that spot, it isn't suspicious.
It's a good thing he loves you enough to look past it and make jokes.
:P Good luck in future intercourse!
the riskiest link I ever clicked.
As a guy, all I can say is I would find that hilarious and wouldn't think any less of the girl.
This would be embarrassing if it was a random hook up or early in the relationship.
But since you've been together a year I'm sure he finds it more funny than gross.
After all, since you've fucked plenty of times he knows this isn't just your thing or something :D.
1) Sex is already a gross and awkward thing.
If anything weird happens, it's part of the game, and a good partner will just roll it off and everyone involved can just make a memory worth keeping.
Aww, that sucks!
But at least he laughed it off...
some guys wouldn't have done that.
"Shit" happens to the best of us- literally!
look at it this way:
You didn't freeze up long enough for them to start throwing smelly things at you.
That's something.
to the life of a gay man.
I don't understand how people have stage fright.
I mean I'm a quiet guy but I've never felt nervous being in front of people.
Either way, that sucks
I wasn't sure how to deal with it, heat from sauna = super freezing, super freezing air outside = supernova nuts.
you accidentally a word from the thread's
This is one of my biggest fears :(
So you hogged the bathroom while he was stuck with shit in his pubes?
GGG you are not.
This subreddit is making less and less sense as it grows..
"Gross" Still 12?
He couldn't roll it off, it was stuck in his pubes.
has their neuroses.
, I have an obsessive drive to be clean.
I've been known to shower after taking a dump.
What is this "shit"?!?
The "shit" really hit the fan!
That was plain "shitty" of you!
The "shit" that girlfriends do to their SO.
Well, as far as odd goes, I don't have "shit" on you!
Sounds like sex with you is just a "shitty" experience!
Ok, that's enough of my "shit." On a serious note, "shit" happens.
I would not get mad at my SO for this kind of "shit."
Edit: Please don't take my "toilet" humor personally, I'm just giving you "shit."
I'm not quiet at all, a bit of a loud mouth in fact.
I just have this irrational fear, I think it's the judgement that I feel when I'm in front so many people.
not even going to click it
Anyone who is able to get over you shitting on him is a keeper.
This is why we can't have nice things, Amy.
You assume I lock the door behind me when I go into the bathroom to clean up.
knowing he too would want to clean up ASAP.
I'm not that bad!
Ain't that some shit.
I just read clockwork orange...
But yeah, I could really mess up a lot of shit in this restaurant if I were evil.
youtube links are generally safe, but this particular one is a link to the 90's hip hop group The 's song 'oh shit'.
I love sex, and I'm not 12, but it is kinda gross.
It can smell, you sweat, etc etc.
That's what he said.
It was late at night though and so it could be the customer had already had a few or was friends with the bartender and didn't want to say anything.
That said, I'm not sure what was up with the drink-- the glass was pretty small but even so the quantity of gin in there seemed very small.
Maybe they were going to add something else, too.
its ok, i had this happen to me before.
happens..
His reaction could have been much worse I guess :p At least he hasn't facebooked it or told anyone, its our "dirty little secret".
Oh crap!
That is awful.
Yeah fortunately someone has warned me in advance about the mob bucket's detaching part, but it's nearly caused me a few minor spills.
I really wish it didn't detach because to lift up the bucket neatly I have to do some weird judo.
At least I've only released one bodily function onto him in our time together.
if I'd pooped, puked, peed and a bunch of other random body derps'd on him :(
Over time of course, if that all happened in a row I'd be forever alone.
Of goodness, I'm sorry to hear about your stage flop...but hey, you should be happy it didn't happen to you during a performance.
Hey, aren't you that one guy.
Isn't that a movie?
Please don't be evil (at the restaurant).
I go out to eat I have to will myself into thinking: They don't really spit in my food.
They wouldn't drop it on the floor just b/c I asked for no onions or dressing on the side...
that danged movie...
He was nice about it.
You're quite lucky for that!
Well, if I wouldve grabbed him sooner...
Haha Oh well.
Unless she was just waiting for the right moment in the relationship to poop the surprise.
If he didn't leave you, tried to comfort and cuddle you even after you pooped on him...
It's safe to say he loves you and might be THE ONE.
Except Reddit.
It's Our dirty 'secret' now too.
The fact that you guys laughed this off makes it all the better.
If this ended with a "and then he left and is now fucking my sister" I would have felt bad laughing at this.
Well, he's technically not wrong.
Nor is he correct.
Well he is...
technically correct.
Well, that's natural.
But at the same time, he is incorrect.
brb, going to hack sanser89's facebook for a second.
I've always wondered that, is there an element of poop that happens a lot with gay men?
I've been known to shower after taking a dump.
Funny, I've been known to shower while I shit.
Is he your BF?
If not, is he a redditor?
Wow, mature.
It wasn't supposed to be taken negatively.
Wouldn't you be like "wow, gross" if you got a little poo on your junk?
I would as I tried to contain my laughter.
Don't understand the downvotes.
( To click, or not to click...
This is so bad.
Just absolutely terrible...
here, have an upvote..
just take it an leave.
Nice try, not going there, I learned my lesson when I went to
Theres no way around it.
You have to do anal next time.
I suppose one could say this was a rather "shitty" story (
that's fucked...
[Rule #68 caught in the wild, well played](
i think im up to about 4 holes as of this moment, that's not including chips and chunks from other stuff.
i think its time I invested in a punching bag
Then educate me: what does it mean?
I'm going to go ahead and assume OP isn't a twit who would date the kind of asshat who'd be a jerk about it.
That isn't luck, it's common sense.
At least it was in a class and not to a public audience that presumed you meant to say exactly what you were saying.
The classroom is the best possible place to make that kind of mistake :)
This is the greatest golfing quote ever.
, pressure, release.
Fuck yeah man, Ride 2.
Just listened to this album for the first time a couple of weeks ago and it blew me away.
Very competent rappers with great beats and a great sense of humor.
" Me By" blew me away.
I think everyone loses a pair of shoes at least once in their life.
My aunt got her boots stolen in a moshpit once.
A friend of mine did that to his bedroom door.
It's now covered in duct tape.
Looks pretty classy.
lolololololol
I hope you two break up.
Thank God I stay away from sex.
But so are they!
That shit makes me nope even harder than did and now does.
"Derps'd."
I'm not her boyfriend.
Just a random redditor.
I'm not gay, but I've had a fair amount of anal sex with women.
There's not a hell of a lot of poop involved.
It's not unheard of, but rare.
Don't have anal sex when you need to go poo.
, I'd prefer not to have any sex with someone who needs to poo.
It's right there.
I can feel it.
See you on Monday, champ!
at least he laughed it off
In my experience, it takes more than laughter to get that off.
It's better than having a baby on your boyfriend during anal intercourse.
I bled all over my girlfriend's face during sex once.
It was actually a horrifying experience.
It was in the dark, missionary, and I felt like I had a runny nose, but I kept sniffing it back.
When I opened my eyes I looked at her and she had the sweetest smile with the most loving eyes looking back at me...and her face was caked with blood.
IT WAS THE FUCKING SCARIEST THING I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED.
She looked like she had just devoured an aborted fetus and enjoyed every single second of it.
She wasn't too happy afterward : we broke up.
I'm so glad your bf was cool to you about it.
Being cool at a time like that earns my stamp of approval.
And doggy is the best.
I seriously slay g-spots from that angle.
But next time, I know I'll think of this right before the big O.
That's what happens when you aren't careful, Henry Walton Jones, Jr.
The update made me laugh the most.
I just laughed until tears.
That was awful.
I didn't see someone posting a quick fix, so i'm throwing my 2 cents in...just give me heads up if i'm late.
I had rot in one of my walls in a room that shared a wall with a bathroom.
The contractor for the housing came out and fixed it for me.
He used one of those saws that has a platform to go on flat objects that I'm sure someone better than myself can elaborate on, and he cut out a big square in the wall.
He then put in a board longer than the hole and used a drill to drill screws through the good part of the wall into the board to hold it in place.
Then he cut out some drywall he had a sheet of, to the size of the hole and drilled that onto the board.
he used some putty to fill in the crevices and cover the screws.
He then used a bit of touchup paint after it dried and it fixed up nicely.
It's only about 85% as good as it was before, but better to put in effort than to leave a gaping hole :( Good luck...
haahahahaha haha hhaahahahh
How does this work?
Do you just jam it down the drain with your foot and hope it doesn't get stuck and fill the shower with poopy water?
I am so concerned right now.
Tell me you are making a joke.
I luckily used a bit of butter so mine didn't catch fire, but I have a bad story to throw in as well.
I tried as well looking up online and figured it was easy as cake(which is apparently hard as well).
My girlfriend at the time(now wife) and I were fighting and I figured I'd makeup with her by making her some grilled cheese.
I burned about 7 or so before she came out and laughed her ass off at me, gave me a hug and in the end we made up anyways.
It's been 3 years and I still haven't tried that fiasco again.
Have an upvote, kind sir.
You should try .
I worked there for two months, and finally had to quit because I couldn't get fired.
I was going to night school and everyday after the first week was trying to see how late I could be without anyone noticing.
My record was 3 hours then it wasn't even fun anymore
I agree with .
It's typically better to admit you fucked up after getting caught then to continue the lie.
And sometimes that is the test, is giving you the benefit to come clean and explain the situation because they only know the result...
Do Me;Here's Shit
I share the bathroom with my lady, and she shares with me.
No point in wasting time!
They had already talked to me a few times about attendance
I believe I actually ran into some sad images the other day like this.
that worked at a bakery had to throw away entire trash cans of pastries and stuff like dontus and etc...
They pretty much put this stuff into one bag so it's not like it has a full days rubbage in it.
If you're lucky, you might find those out behind bakeries and you could always go in asking at closing time if it's okay if you waited out back for them to throw them away.
There are lots of caring people out there straddled with minimum wage and willing to help others.
Be careful.
I didn't read that you were poaching abalone but my cousin went to prison for like 4 years for poaching abalone.
He caught like 2 more than his limit he had a license for and there was a warden, or whatever they're called in the ocean, waiting for him at the surface when he came up.
He got comfortable always bringing a couple extra with him when he went out, and it caught up with him...
Do you just jam it down the drain with your foot and hope it doesn't get stuck
Jup, pretty much, I've been lucky so far, no clogged pipes yet.
It does smell though, spraying some AXE usually does the trick.
"'s the night" she thought..
Just be happy shit didn't hit the fan.
I think you might need to pay a visit to .
Axe can only make matters worse.
I did not know that this sub reddit existed.
of dog problems on walls, my dog had VIOLENT diarrhea and I found out the bad way when she projectile shat onto the wall.
I found out though that baby wipes will clean the walls 110%.
IDK how sanitary but it got the mess off.
What I understood from browsing this sub-reddit is that 'TIFU' stands for Today I Fucked Up and what your title is telling me is that you fucked Update today.
So, who the hell is Update?
Is she hot?
Can we get some pics?
What a bitch
You deserve an upvote for this
My pleasure ;) Good luck with your next grilled cheese, and try not to burn down everything...
Put a poster or something over it
Butter the pan and bread, medium heat, brown one side, flip and brown the other.
It may be time for me to try it again, but
medium heat might be a key factor though .
I would just do this.
My utensil's ink isn't permanent.
Worst day of your life so far.
So you killed someone's dog and then didn't let them find it, so they at least knew what happened.
Wow - that makes you twice the dick you were for just killing the dog.
She plays it off all innocent because her boyfriend is a redditor...her master plan was a reversed cleveland steamer
Man, Reddit has been getting vicious with the downvotes lately.
It irritates me that you're not allowed to disagree with the popular opinion anymore.
What's ironic is that your karma score for me is -2.
EDIT: Now it's -1.
Nice try, boyfriend.
AMA incoming.
TIL a 13yr old understands grammar far more than most aults.
How much shit?
Was that just from this thread, or have you run across me before?
It's a total.
So the latter.
I'm an accused boyfriend, AMA
Are you talking about the vote weight?
Yeah, that's the one.
It's understandable.
my depression brings out my ugly side.
I'm his brother and this has really happened to me.
OH THIS IS ONE MESSED UP TRIANGLE.
I cannot stop laughing at this
I used to take ADD medicine pretty much daily and every single day I'd just be depressed and pissed off.
I'm so ashamed I run to the toilet to furiously wipe my ass and then jump in the shower in a futile attempt to wash away the shame.
This is the real fuck up, not only did you shit on your boyfriend, you then stole the fucking shower.
phew...
read the whole thing thinking that his wife was going to get like stabbed or something horrible...
for the TL;DR should say nobody was hurt but GPS was stolen by inconsiderate thief :P
I'm an accused Reddit who's shared a shitting experience with his brother, AMA.
XD Oh god, that sounds terrible but the way you said it was just hilarious!
My golden retriever went missing out of the back of our dodge truck while in a small shop when I was around 7.
My dad spent every night after work for a week driving around town and putting posters up.
For a year afterwards we called all pounds within 100 miles just in case someone picked him up in another country or he wandered off.
We even offered a $3,000 reward.
My sister cried herself to sleep for a long time.
New word win!
ahahahahaha, idk, after the gross ness I'd be cool with it, not a huge fuck up
Why did you let me get into such a shitty situation?
Yeah that is also a good call ahaha.
I am usually good with giving people rides during the day, but at all the different stops you made to help and talk to this guy I kept expecting a shanking or something :O
It was probably the most disgusting thing I believe I have ever seen.
It was kind of like this
You actually sell large and small wines?
ahaha I had to google that, I didn't know that could be taken as an insult for fat.
I have one to share if you want the read.
While on a field trip in elementary school we happened to stop at I believe a .
My friends and I kept arguing whether this 'person' was a dude or dudette.
She went and yelled at my teacher and got me in trouble.
:P the teacher was my best friends aunt and there was no real punishment except a scolding.
TL;DR Asked an adult their sex and they tattled to my teacher.
That's what she did.
Cause I'm usually at the ass end of all of our plans.
at least you were right?
ahaha but probably not too proud they were first called a girl
Better than being the butt of all the jokes.
Either way, I always end up getting shit on.
Oh good, it wasn't just me.
I'm crying I'm laughing so much as I read this thread.
Even worse, I'm on vacation w/ a group of friends staying in a hotel and they all want to know what the hell is so funny that has me laughing so much.
But you probably will need a new pair.
I am not a glasses wearer and somebody might have magical glass crack/scratch filler.
No, normally you should rinse yourself out before anything goes in the exit.
But it happens...oh yes...it happens.
This had to be said
that's shitty girl, glad you man loves u an cuddled u after u got a keeper XD
The 'or'.
He fucked the shit out of you.
He'll keep ribbing you about it, but think about it for a second - what's that say to a guy's ego, that he managed to make a woman lose control that thoroughly?
I'm just the guy that made the tacos they ate.
The most efficient way to cook kittens?
"AND THEN SHE POOPED ON HIS DICK"
Shitty response
All I care about is karma in this city that I'm from
Wait...girls poop?
and den dey eat da poopoo
i have the weirdest boner right now
Dude - seriously bad idea.
Think about it from the businesses point of view - they'd far rather be losing $3 than have an employee forging checks...
? Jeez.
If I'd heard that I'd have thought I was just sweating too much.
I hear you on that.
relationship level +1
Still counts!
I like to buy fake ones that look like real ones.
I'm not an Oakley guy I'm a Ray Ban guy.
I do have real Ray Bans but those are for special occasions.
I wear my knock-off ones all the time so if I scratch them it's okay, and if they break, I only wasted about $10.
Like demons.
especially bad driving.
The situation would never have happened if you could stop caring what they think of you in the first place.
Why should you give a fuck what they think of you?
Keep trying to please those people and you'll end up miserable.
Do what you want to do and don't explain it to anyone.
You're the one that has to live your life, make sure that you, your family, you're loved ones, wife/husband whoever is important to you in life is happy.
But in the end you always have to look out for yourself first.
LPT buy them on ebay using paypal or prepaid visas if needed.
You can get a pair of maui jims for 110 that have a 320 MSRP
Does it smell like weed?
My wife did this once.
Don't worry too much about it, obviously he wasn't all that grossed out, and he gets to feel good about himself for literally fucking the shit out of you :)
of, yes.
would have helped if I had specified that.
The title makes it seem a lot worse than it actually is.
I was expecting to drop a "well that escalated quickly" somewhere but didn't.
Glad to hear it was just a GPS and no ones life.
Haha I wish!
Kind of like if you put garlic, ammonia and poop in a bag and left it in your car on a 100 degree day and then chuck it at someone.
why did you try and hold your climax in?
Could this have been avoided??
Don't think like that, you did a good thing.
That guy was a jackass, no question; but don't let his theft stop you from helping people.
This made me laugh
TIL that
boyfriend is unable to make her cum, but able to make her shit
He might be unto that.
So you jumped in the shower, instead of your shit-covered boyfriend?
Didja think that one through?
cut it out with that shit
I realized I wanted to be on the radio and do news while I was in high school.
Want proof?
go to wjpf.com right now and listen live.
News Radio WJPF at 1020 and 1340 AM in So Ill
Doesnt Matter; Had Shit?
I had always wanted to work in news be it radio or television.
I took the job at the farm store because I HAD to work, and no one else offered me any work.
A guy's gotta do what a guy's gotta do to get money in his pocket.
Now I'm happier.
By the way, I've been on the radio since I was a sophomore in high school.
Now I'm actually getting paid to do it.
What was the joke?
Kinda cheap, guys.
Every second word in conteporary english is excretion-related.
"FML, just don't shit during."
It could be worse.
After the first time I had sex with my boyfriend (also the first time I had sex ever, his too) I straddled him and was playfully half pinning him to the bed.
When I got off I saw that I had bled all over his dick and lower abdomen because my uterus had decided to betray me and start my period.
So much shame.
But the lovely boy just brushed it off and suggested we shower together.
But oh god, the shame.
Come to think of it, I'm not sure this is worse but my point is I feel where you're coming from, chica
My GF has done that twice now.
I mean wife.
Twice in ten years.
1 time she was shitfaced (no pun.
Ugh) and then other time in a hotel bathroom.
times did I care.
At all.
It's got to happen more than what is acknowledged on public forums.
All the nerves down there are well connected on you lady folk.
I'd rather her shit on me and climax, then me barrel out 10 seconds before she goes.
I think this makes a sweetheart.
Awww.
Once (if) you have a kid, poop is nothing compared to a fever.
Can we see the pics?
Y'know...
I haven't thought of it in a long time.
Take comfort in that.
I remember I cleaned up the second one.
She was so embarrassed.
I didn't want staff to find it, obviously.
She left.
I wanted to finish up sexy time.
So, I cleaned it up.
We had anti-bacterial hand wash.
We moved on.
I cleaned the shit out of it.
More often than you think.
Don't feel ashamed.
Feel happy that you have another story to add to your life :)
Pro-tip, don't browse porn with a raging hard on while your brother is in the same room.
Well that's shit.
You assume OP will pay for her bill.
I initially read your username as "."
Why are we assuming they broke up because of this and therefore she's a bitch?
My fiance had pooped on me by accident before during sex.
And it wasn't a little turd.
I screamed, and ran to the shower.
Don't feel bad hahaha!
Roach - 1.
just to make the sexy time last longer
we've been together over a year and you don't think we share showers/baths?
He's not my BF.
My BF is a redditor but he's just a lurker, we both are.
You might want to check that out.
A lot of times when you see one roach, there are a bunch more you don't see.
Anyway, smashing it with your bare foot is badass.
That is so fucking mortifying.
I think I would break up with him and leave the country.
Also, that's why you always go before anal sex.
Don't you know anything?
You might be able to get the scratch out, or at least reduce it, with T-Cut (or whatever your local car scratch-removing compound is).
If it fails, though, you will finish the trashing of the glasses.
They call it going number 2 for a reason.
Game over man, game over
Feel it?
Like with your dick?
Doesn't some of it get into your pee hole either causing a UTI or you to pee out a bit of poop?
I would assume that, yes.
Oh you crazy fundies:)
he will poop during sex, too, and you will be even.
what does IANAL stand for?
I Am Not A Lawyer
Looks like he fucked the shit out of you.
I'd be so mortified if this ever happened.
there's not really any point in sharing since we both just lurk different subreddits usually and rarely comment/post anything
Right, that's what he tells you..
Follow-through.
It happens to everyone at some point or another.
doesn't matter still had sex!
Pretty sure he knows your account now as this is a very specific event.
I warned you about farts bro!!!
I told you dog!!
this is just a throwaway account
It doesn't
Keep doing that.
It's good for the gene pool.
Fuckup of the week winner right here.
That's what I'm thinking.
You also didn't steal money and if she retains her receipt she will see that the total added up to $59.
, the store should have some sort of record of the transaction if it becomes a problem.
one of these days you're going to just have a drainage explosion of shit.
There are easier ways to shave your pubes, maybe not as entertaining as the circus act you have performed but certainly safer
I suggest a gun next time.
He's not my BF.
I'm a little too used to hearing that.
It sounds like she had a shitty day.
I thought that's how women cum, they poop a little and run to the shower, crying.
/thread
is business.
Being 'nice' won't earn you more money, in the short or long term.
DRUUUGSSS
I am pretty new to TIFU, but this doesn't seem like a true TIFU...
PRO-TIP.
I usually take shits after drawing a warm bath.
It's like a water-birth for turds, and you can often fish out the big pieces with a good net that you'd use to clean fish tanks or swimming pools.
TL;dr: You take a shit in the bathtub.
UPDATE: Turns out one of my friends was at the park and grabbed them for me!
Shit just got real..
Ha im sure you will get over it sorry to hear about that though
not as entertaining for us but less harmfull for him.
I hate having to narrate Reddit.
Can't you fight through the sensitivity after you explode?
Girls are funny.
Darwin Awards candidate for sure.
this is gross and i dont like it.
'ain't that some shit'
We don't do that down in the dirty dirty
My balls hurt from that.
I've had too many close calls with my butterfly knives to know that you don't play with them over your crotch.
next time keep your hand out to your side or something man.
You don't want to give yourself another hole to pee through.
i finally just handed over my ipad.
if your interested, thanks!
Don't be ashamed.
Tucker max did it worse.
Read the story "TUCKER TRIES BUTTSEX, HILARITY DOES NOT ENSUE" it's in his book Sloppy seconds: the tucker max leftovers.
(free on iBooks)
I've never been much a fan of spring-loaded knives, but butterfly knives are fun.
I've had more than my fair share of cuts from that one.
I'll just be dipped in shit
Wow...that's an amazing lack of talent behind the wheel.
No licenses for Asians.
If he squashes it, and the cockroach had eggs inside her, the eggs might have been absorbed by his skin, and little cockroaches are growing inside his feet.
Source: I'm a cockroachlogist
i let a guy come inside my apt and borrow my phone last week and he stole my ipod...
I aint even mad, I'm just calling it tax for being nice.
It sucks that not everyone is as decent as you think they are
Maybe you should get your mind out of the gutter then ;)
another hole to pee through
OP should do vasectomies.
at least no one yelled " has a mangina" " has mangina".
this will be weird if no one gets the reference
Some also used it.
There's a theatre here that was built and, up until recently, owned by Hamasa , and there were swastikas in a lot of the art.
Like in the ceiling, floor tiles, stuff like that.
Most of them were taken out during WWII, but one got missed, right in the vestibule/front box office.
People used to spit on it during/after the war.
It's sad isn't it?
A perfectly acceptable mark is ruined for what could be eternity.
Just stand up, would you.
"HARMFUL" FTFY.
i upvoted for slightly clever username
I've done something like that with my pull-up bar that goes across the door threshold and hooks into the door frame if that makes sense.
Pics of the ceiling?
On the bright side you have a sweet ass scar to let a chick see as she is going down on you and you can make a story about it.
I would normally use a toy first, kinda like probe it, then go in.
That seems to be the trend for this subreddit.
you must have a pretty sharp knife if you stabbed you pubes.
I consider stabbing hair to be something only a samurai or so can
What a shitty pun
That's fucking foul, butt fucking hilarious.
As a man, reading this post hurt me very much #3232;#3232;
It happens to a lot of people and its understandable.
I only get stage fright if theres more than like 10 people.
Any more than that and I hate being in the spotlight.
I think you handled it in the best possible way sir.
Except his foot and the roach were separated by clothes.
A falling knife has no handle, said every chef ever.
Free vasectomy with every lobotomy
It's quite cozy down here...
Two words, stu pid
You should of just said you had bad eyesight.
Might of worked...or might of made matters worse lol.
I shave my pubes.
That way I can never stab myself in the pubes.
relax, geez :) so you're human.
s'all good.
admit it, its hilarious.
If I was your professor I would've been forever grateful.
I was in your boyfriends situation before, but I cannot say that I reacted the same way.
I ran and never called her back once she had ran off to cry in the bathroom.
I always thought that these sorts of fuckups were stupid, and perhaps even falsified for some idiotic attempt at dirty humor.
But then, a few weeks ago, my entire world was changed.
It was DD night and we were all hunched around the table doing our thing.
We were just a bunch of dudes being generally crude and obnoxious, farting and cussing and spilling stuff all over the place.
In the midst of a particularly lively combat encounter I felt a fart coming on.
As I let 'er rip, I felt an unusual, uncomfortable sensation.
Oddly, not entirely unlike that of an especially messy shit one might encounter at the end of some diarhea.
thoughts rushed through my head.
"Did I just really...?
No way.
Really?" I got very quiet and hunched down, suspiciously, over my chair.
I avoided full contact so as to not squish the suspected poop, I also did not want to stand up fully as I feared that might allow it to slide further down my pants.
As my initiative came and passed I weighed my options and evaluated the data.
I mean, obviously I should head to the bathroom and examine the details.
I made it inside and onto the pot and started inspecting the scene.
Right there, dead center in my underpants was a relatively small lump of brown matter.
I immediately set about the task of cleaning myself up, bottling up my self-loathsome shame for later.
As I was finishing up and flushing away the dirty toilet paper, I noticed something.
I perhaps should have noticed much earlier.
hinted at by the very predicament I now found myself in.
I had to go.
Badly.
Now my already lengthy stay was being protracted by an especially noisome bout of sub-equatorial evacuation.
While at least I now had an alibi for why I had spent so long on the toilet, I now worried that I was taking too long and was holding up the game.
Still, I finished up my business, performed a final check for any residual spillage, finished cleaning up, and made my back to the table, preparing my apologies in advance.
I sat back down only to find out that it wasn't my turn yet.
Not even close.
The asshole next to me was still involved in some bitter argument regarding the definition of the word "immobilized".
As I sat there among the fighting and stewing in my own shame-filled thoughts (not to mention the general odor of the room), I felt strangely relieved.
A great burden had been lifted from me that day, and I truly learned what it means to never trust a fart.
tl;dr: shat my pants, haven't done any non-professional writing in months so it all came out in this one post about shitting my pants.
are you describing a switchblade knife?
sort of spring loaded or with a part on the actual metal of the blade that allows you to sort of "flip" the knife open with one hand?
those are some bad roaches...
You mean to tell me your an Asian women, and for some reason you thought it would be logical to purchase a truck?
You're best post on reddit may have been a self post, but to help lift your spirits i am going to take it upon myself to upvote everything you have ever posted.
cracks knuckles Lets get started
't take too long.
Thank you good sir :D
No thanks necessary.
Your new tag for me is ""
it an honor
I am truly honored.
You shall henceforth be tagged as .
it an honor.
adults
I read that as your knife fell down, straight into your crotch, roughly 2 inches into your penis.
I had my window open so I think he came in through their, but ill be on the lookout just in case.
I have glasses and I have to wear them all the time.
She also had glasses from what I remember.
tip: dont play with butterfly knives in a humid foggy room (like the bathroom with a hot shower going).
the knife gets slippery and flies out your hand like a ninja star and hits your mirror.
if she takes it serious, you could get in trouble for sexual harassment.
Sort of.
With a switchblade, you only need to press a button, and the blade slides (or flips) out on its own.
These are illegal in the US.
An assisted-opening knife requires you to partially open it yourself, before the torsion bar will open it the rest of the way.
It is.
Gin and tonics came around as a way to make tonic water more palatable in order to prevent malaria, rather than a way to make gin more palatable.
That's the rule!
Fire.
Wife her.
sorryyy dude but there:):)
Dang, it's like looking in a mirror.
Ever tossed up a machete like that?
phew at least I'm not the only one...honestly, shit happens.
I wouldn't worry about it too much, since he seemed to have a laugh over it.
When you haven't been eating ice cream.
I'm not lactose intolerant, thank god.
The inability to eat ice cream and chocolate would be a crippling disease.
I think it would be for most people.
from experience?
OP will deliver video?
I put it there.
I'm never eating fastfood again.
I would think that "I'm never depriving myself of sleep again" would be a much more helpful resolution.
Ummm, why were you naked upon doing this?
(/drphil
a short range low yield nuclearpowered energy cannon
This is certainly the right subreddit
Why weren't you wearing a hair net?
There is a for everything.
I am more amazed that after an entire day of throwing up you still had anything left in you to throw up.
Was it a "Leek" knife?
I heard this story from the guys perspective today somewhere in Reddit..
Haha the other dude stood in a puddle of piss.
If it makes you feel any better, i too, once pissed in a bin.
I was 5yrs old, and it was the middle of the night, but i still remember.
Eating fast food in the morning is brutal in itself.
I ate Carl Jr one time and felt like I was going to yak based on the greasyness intensity alone.
I pissed in the bath tub once when I was 7.
through I was like
#3232;#3232; what the fuck am I doing.
Some adults actually do that when having a shower(bath it'll be worse, yeah..), saves water.
Nonono.
Like, the tub was empty and dry and I was standing outside of it, pissing into it.
Hahaha that's even funnier
cutting my favorite blanket open
my favorite
blanket
Fak you done goofed :3
Almost vomited halfway through the story while eating chinese food but I'm good now
Wow, that's, uh...
That's definitely something you need to warn someone about before any bedtime shenanigans happen.
I mean, really, that's just being polite.
Not everyone is into period sex.
my sincerest apologies ;)
I hope you needed the money for something extremely important.
If not, then I have no sympathy for you.
That's a dick move.
There are 2 types of people in this world.
Those who pee in the shower, and those who lie about peeing in the shower.
It's none of her business and it shouldn't be used as blackmail.
If the both of you are okay with having a friends with benefits relationship, they just tell anyone else to bugger off.
a good pirate also sails in the red sea :D
what a story.
I was sleep walking about 5 years ago and as I went to the bathroom, the fridge was open (mom was in the kitchen) and I must've thought that the light was the bathroom.
I pissed into the fridge and went back to sleep.
told me the next day.
had this happen to me a few weeks ago as well.
i feel your pain broski.
i figured it out after the licky-licky too.
went in with a finger and ran into a tampon.
apparently she was too drunk to remember that she was on it.
not to mention that she was a fatty(i have low standards when I'm that drunk) not cool.
DM:GMDS
Dry-heaving is a bitch.
So is puking up bile.
I don't see what's wrong with pissing in the shower, it saves water and it's more sanitary since you're washing your whole body and the surroundings immediately.
It's a win-win.
i often pissed in the bin when i was a kid (4-7), but my biggest brainfart was when i was 13.
i woke up in the middle of the night and went to the bathroom.
instead of pissing in the toilet i just stood there and pissed against the door.
i didnt realize what i did until i tried to leave.
It isn't that bad because racism is okay in China.
Yeah, Black People's , also known as Darlie, formerly Darky brand.
I'm a girl, so it's harder for me to accidentally piss on/in something.
But I did have a brain fart only a few weeks ago while gardening and drinking some beers.
went inside to get a tool and decided to use the toilet while I was inside, so I turned around and walked smack into the gun lockers in my basement.
I was heading for a bathroom that we removed about 12 years ago.
the bin can't handle liquid?
Older people balance their checkbooks so somewhere she has already written $56.
And she probably lived through the great depression so you can bet she will be mad about that $3.
yes, this was theft, not robbery.
I did the same thing once when I was 13.
Except I was on a 7 hour bus trip with the entire 7th grade.
Mmm, a big pot of sweet and sour sauce.
one of the guys in my hall (dorm) used to piss in bottles and store them on his shelves...he only stopped cos we threatened to beat him up.
The horror!
I vow to never drinking heavily while on my period.
I pissed in the bath tub once.
Toilet was clogged from my brother and I didn't feel like fixing it.
Just turned the water on afterwards.
Aw, gross.
Ahh, so sad, OP.
Lucky me I never lost any money, just found it alot of times.
Once I saw a dollar in the sea when I was on beach hahahaha!
BUT I compensated by losing things like a french watch my aunt gave to me, my favorite coat and a freaking sculpture I was working for weeks for my art class.
i don't know whether this girl was too drunk to remember, or just a terrible, terrible person.
I pissed into the fridge when I was 5 and home sick...
It was most likely the cough syrup and fever combo.
I did the exact same fucking thing (Did not notice your post before I posted tho)
You'd give up sex 4 days out of every 28 (15% of your sex life?)
Way of the road!
That was the first thing I thought as well...
I guess it'd be warm on cold feet in the mornings though.
I have a friend that once pissed in a room heater that was attached to his wall.
to say, that room still smells faintly of piss.
That is why you don't trust
what country was this?
What were your thoughts when you woke up later and saw all the piss?
this shit happend to me twice with two other girls...thank god there was no licky licky but when there is blood running down your arm...its never a good feeling...
is always a violent crime; he was a thief, not a robber.
Bear Grylls approves.
You done goofed.
I was fairly disturbed because of the pee itself, but more disturbed because I didn't remember doing it.
Kinda like if you fail a test or have a really surreal experience ...
"was that really me?" my parents hadn't noticed so I was able to clean it all up in time.
I pissed in a bin just last night.
Did you try going back and looking?
I mean there is good people out there and maybe one person came across it and turned it in.
But then again you would need proof it was yours with a receipt or something.
from 5 bucks to 150 bucks.
Fuck I can't finish it.
I've certainly done that before.
Not with $500 but, I can sort of identify with you.
And then you went on to perform a life-saving operation, right?
nothing worse.
the cheese tasting off was your sign that something wasn't correct with the order.
I would have stopped right away if I noticed my cheddar or pepper jack cheese tasted stale or not correct.
I had no idea that could mean 'fat.' I wouldve assumed wet.
most people have sex every day if/when possible?
Sounds awesome, but the reality is quite different.
I've never laughed so much in my life.
I peed in the trashcan in my room for a while because I was having pee issues where I would always feel like I would have to pee, but when I went, there would just be a little bit.
It got to the point where I thought if I was always peeing in the trashcan just a little bit, it would dry up quickly enough that it wouldn't matter.
I was wrong.
I had to empty the piss out of the trashcan and wash it with soap to get rid of the scent.
I also pee in the sink pretty often, because I don't see much point in peeing just a little bit in the toilet and wasting all that water.
I don't really see anything wrong with it, because I just wash my hands afterwords and that washes any piss residue down the toilet.
You don't write on black people?
I assume her period started that night and she wasn't aware of it.
It's an honest mistake on her part.
This is why I never bum someone a ride.
Seems like he was greedy as well and probably was about to rob all of you but was feeling out what you all were like.
He stole a GPS, it sucks but its replaceable.
If I see one more man using the term "licky licky" to describe cunnilingus...
Too drunk to remember is just asking for a rape allegation.
Never put water on an oil or grease fire.
does strange things...
No, because then you're wasting piss.
You must have been drunk.
It's okay man, it happens to the best of us.
It's all good man, i've had these kinds of set backs my whole life.
I've pissed in cars, buses, even planes!
It's esp.
bad when you're on dates...
Just buy some pull-ups and keep on truckin'.
Yeah, you did say waitress.
What does tldr stand for?
the only thing that could improve that story is a tag saying that Brandy was her real name
You never give cunnilingus to the girl who slept with the whole hockey team!
That feeling in the pit of your stomach when you realize you've lost all that money is fucking terrible.
Oh, that's just nasty.
Two months...
Enjoy your red wings, sir
Are all switch blade illegal in the us?
I was under the impression that the ones that fling out and around are legal while the ones that slide straight up and out are illegal.
I have numerous switchblades that swing out but have never even seen one that slides up and I always thought that was the reason.
i dont mind the blood, what i do mind is if she had any STDs they'd definitely be present in her blood some of which you must've swallowed.
I'd see a doctor and get checked out asap.
how the fuck can someone steal gps coordinates
I know how I feel when I lose $20.
If I lose $500 I'd probably choke the shit out of someone
I'm pretty damn sure they are.
Home sick, not homesick.
I had a roommate that pissed in cups and left them around for days, no one believed me, I moved out
It means "too long; didn't read." It's a way of indicating a short summary of your story.
I thought same as him and was confused, actually took me a moment to figure out your response
I just said it aloud to myself and became instantly disgusted.
You were warned.
In fact your buddy did say, "Dude, you don't want to do this".
flies with a low powered airsoft gun makes for a fun time.
about golf makes people do silly things like that.
A few years ago, a buddy and I went out to the back 9 during one of the hottest days that summer.
Now, we were a bit too young to rent a cart so we had to walk.
walking is no problem, even in the heat.
No, the problem was, the back 9 was like hiking up Mount , but instead of frostbite, I got sweaty balls and heat stroke.
after three holes, we had the sense to retire to the clubhouse and played pool with some of the employees.
no, not really
It sounds arrogant but here is my perfect solution:
Just think "All the people in front of me are douches.
I do not fucking care what they think about me"
You may want to get the sleep stuff checked out before something worse happens.
Check out part 1 of this radio show for someone else's fear of sleep:
in my defense i was much drunker than her and she was the one supposed to make sure I got home safely from the party.
not to mention she's 7 years older than me and we're both in our 20's.
And there were plenty of witnesses that knew how much drunker than her I was.
i fu.
i am not looking for sympathy.
the $$$ was spent on food, mortgage,etc.
i WILL MAKE this right.
no matter what!
This is classy Toby turner.
You went to morning news anchor in less than a year without any formal schooling or previous experience (I assume)?
That IS impressive...
These are my feelings on it too.
I know a lot of it is based on who you know, but even then this still furrows my brow...
Yeah most stations require you to have accounts across pretty much all of the social media platforms as well, and update them regularly.
Sweet Jesus I feel bad for you man.
One tine when I was like 9 me and friend snuck up to the top of a highrise and found 350 dollars in mostly tens stuck inside a post that was apart of the railing to prevent falls.
We just split the money and went home.
I spent mines at summer camp on useless shit.
God forbid you be exposed to a little blood.
shudder
How fucking old are you?
Grow up.
at 7?
"excellent, i completed my mission."
As long as you feel accomplished!
Sounds like a fellow hockey fan has finally earned his "red wings"
Sure glad I wasn't eating when I read this...
Also, love the TL;DR.
Sweet face love!
What is it with people peeing everywhere today?
Force.
Fart.
I think your 500$ figure was made up to seem like more of a fuck up.
Try some wd-40 sprayed onto a towel, and try buffing it off.
try in an incospicuous area first to avoid it possibly staining the concrete.
had something similar happen to me whilst dragging a heavy grill over my concrete patio, and wd-40 helped
Based on what op said, I assume it is a piano keyboard, at which point $500 is nowhere out of the realm of possibility
At least it wasn't a pube, or was it?
It is in fact a Casio Px-330 (just checked lol) Amazon says 699 but apparently my parents got it a bit cheaper
Have her call her provider, change her plan and have them backdate it.
this is not something you should ever tell again.
even anonymously on the internets.
You fapped to a video?
That's a fine way of showing your gratitude.
i too did something similar to this in the middle of the night when i was 5, except it was in my sisters baby bed.
read: I was 4 or 5 years old.
Also urine is sterile.
Cherry Sauce?
Upon further probing, switchblades are apparently legal in parts of the US, which is honestly news to me.
I had always been under the impression that they were completely illegal.
You could've played it as a "Happy you're-not-a-father's day" joke.
In any case, buy your dad some scotch.
iMacs and Mac minis and Apple laptops use the exact same kind of RAM as modern laptops, DDR3 is DDR3.
Got a 8 gig upgrade for my Mac mini for $45 from , instead of $300 from Apple.
That's normal in .
The fact that she won the bottle during her horse racing career means the bottle could have been more about sentimental value than the actual whisky.
Dude, I can relate.
You can make it man, believe in yourself.
edit: frak, wrong tab, ill keep it here
I shat myself a week or few ago.
It is the reason I made this account...
Won't you be able to tell your teacher you suffer from stage fright and panic attacks in an attempt to apply for mitigating circumstances?
At least that's how it works at some schools in the UK
Yeah I think that he's going to give me a C or a D on it.
I didn't tell him beforehand because I thought that I would get over it.
I'll try to do some other assignment to make up for it.
Gnarly man...just gnarly.
At least it's not a complete fail, I hope you manage to get your 4.0.
Yeah it really disappointed me that this happened.
All other classes are A's and this one was A- one quarter, B+, A, and now either an A- or B+ this one.
I'm a freshman, so I'll probably make up for it with APs.
when i was around 12, my sister told me that she saw me sleepwalking to the bathroom and i ended up pissing into the laundry basket.
twice
Lucky, I had to wait 1 hour before the hail stopped, then had to drive home with the storming front of us.
We almost crashed.
but more disturbed because I didn't remember doing it
maybe you didn't do it...
que creepy music
Least you got some.
TIL a lot of people can't hold their water.
The most important question, does the keyboard still work?
(I'm a musician and would cry if any of my instruments were pissed on)
I'm not saying you're a rapist I'm saying drunk women are a problem because the system is set up to believe them and not you.
Head over to and review some of the false rape allegation threads.
It sucks but she said/ he said means she said he did.
On the plus side, the keyboard is definitely yours now.
marked.
If it makes you feel any better I did this once as well.
At home.
In the middle of the night.
Half asleep.
When I was four years old.
You might have scratched the cornea; but you do need to see a doctor.
Yes it works fine (although the keys are a little sticky).
Glad to hear it, although that is disgusting
This happened earlier and I got the splinter out without excessive pain...
I will get it checked out tomorrow.
drunk women are a problem
Not if you don't rape them.
Try that for a while.
Tell 'em you're - it's Father's Day there!
upvote for translation
i actually hit my eye while playing one time..
i feel this deserves honorable mention..also missed the snare during a heavy roll.
hit my sack.
hope your eye is ok.
that shit can hurt.
Watch out guys, we got a badass here!
One time when I was really young; my mother put me in time out and told NOT TO MOVE A MUSCLE OR I WAS IN BIG TROUBLE.
Sooo, naturally when I had to piss, I went in the air duct right next to me.
I was quite the smartass as a child.
Glad I looked up the translation for the OP's name lol
downvote
Pff, I've done something similar.
I was probably about 13-ish.
Woke up in the middle of the night, having to piss.
The problem was, I'd rearranged my room very recently, and so in my sleep-addled brain, I couldn't figure out which way to go.
I started stumbling and came to my door.
I had no idea WHY it wouldn't let me through, and I just couldn't hold it any longer.
As I lose control of my bladder, I wake up enough to realize that it wasn't my door I had walked to, but my closet.
And the reason I wasn't able to go through, was that I was being blocked by my clothes.
What the fuck are you doing
, drum sticks should be classified as weapons.
your knuckles...
Worse than stepping on a lego.
what part of "today" was this?
not to be, you know, that guy, but shouldn't we make a new subreddit called "IFU", or something?
[He didn't call me back!
Better accuse him of rape.](
[He wanted us to pay our $13 cab fair!
Better accuse him of rape.](
[I changed my mind after the fact!
Yeah, you don't lick frosting off someone else's cake.
haha took me a second too
Yeah, you're a horrible person for eating out a girl who scored with the entire hockey team.
You have sex with her, but you don't eat her out.
You didn't taste any of that copper, bro?
Ew man, I just don't know how you did it, even if extremely drunk.
I would have just stayed in that shower for hours...
could he.
Molded like that usually has some kind of lacquer on top of it.
Call a contracting company that does molded concrete like that and ask.
tell her you were doing your chores man, she'll be fine it was an accident however.
Do you actually have memories from when you were 2?
I don't remember anything earlier than age 7.
There might be something wrong with me...
He might have even accidentally cut her with his fingernails while going down on her, if she was being truthful about not being on her period.
Dude, this is retarded.
Is bleeding out of your eye really your threshold for medical attention for eye related injuries?
This isn't on the same magnitude as a finger injury, like you might have a funny scar if you let it go when you shouldn't have.
This is might have permanent vision loss.
Just go to the doctor.
Don't fuck around with eye injuries.
Now.
I'd be fine with him if he wanted to bang her, bit after being informed of her promiscuity, he certainly shouldn't have ate her out.
That's just disgusting.
[Before I even finished the story, I got as far as you identifying the lady as Brandy.
Enjoy the tunes.](
Dude I can't believe you ate her out after your friend told you she as such a gigantic whore.
I mean fuck her and wrap it up, all well and good, hell I probably would too; but you don't eat a dirty slut like that out, man!
Are you stupid or something?
But you won.
That's what is really important.
as douchy as you come off, im afraid you're right.
then again this is the internet and who gives a fuck??
Nope, have to post on reddit first.
must be observed.
its sterile, and i like the taste.
You're retarded.
Out of curiosity, what can't be cleaned by you?
About the only thing that gets Nail polish out is based cleaners.
I'm not sure but I am pretty sure that it would destroy this old nasty carpet in the house.
Yea, except that I am pretty sure she is plotting my demise.
"4 or 5 Years Ago I Fucked Up."
They did.
Its funny cause i am a part of this
Pray that you wont get AIDS hahaha
Look at the front page.
is fucking pissing all over the place.
TUFUG
old nasty carpet
Doesn't seem like much of a problem...
It is when you landlord is a dick and will want to replace it.
There are dozens of links listing non-acetone cleaners to get nailpolish out of carpeting, so hopefully one of those works for you.
But yeah that sucks!
For what it's worth, you're clearly right to have won the fight.
thanks for the link and it's worth a lot to me man, my couch sucks.
You might want to get tested.
OP, might I ask why you were playing with a knife when you weren't wearing any pants...?
kind of hot, im weird:/
my cousin's brother did 3 years from something like that.
and he got lucky because he could have gotten much more.
now he's on the sex offender list for life because of a stupid drunk female.
Oh what the fuck dude.
Thats not how most STDs work brah
too much mens rights makes you paranoid.
Not every girl is crazy.
Just like not every brown dude on a plane is a terrorist.
Common sense is important!
Ugh SRS: The cancer of Reddit.
Dont you people have anything better to do?
Why is Toby's name here?
this actually happened to me once.
but it wasn't a lot of blood.
With an erection, the "valve" that pee comes out of shuts off.
Hence you cant pee easily with a boner.
I struggle to pee after I beat off, so I dont know how you managed to go full stream with a hard-on.
Out of context: "TL;DR: Got cock-blocked by a ninja on a sex island."
So, why not just pay the $3 dollar difference rather than commit a felony?
The one time my username might actually be relevant and I miss the mark by 2 days.
We need .
Oh you have to say it in an old asian man's voice, its great!
Fun times.
Ugh I hate when this happens.
I feel youre pain.
I called my dad today thinking it was Day...
Dad probably wishes I wasnt his son...
You really wanna see some dude's mutilated groin?
if she really wasn't, thats far more disturbing than if she was.
Yes, but it usually involves large quantities of alcoholic beverages.
there is a 50% chance you made someones day better.
do you mind if I follow you around for awhile
My school does the theaterfest too :o
chip cookie :D
raisins..
Maybe he was at a ?
That's probably it, too.
In fact, I think it was all 3, simultaneously.
You know that you can just not flush the toilet, right?
loved that one
No shit.
The whole point is that he intentionally puts himself in dangerous situations so that he can show us tricks to help us survive them.
You don't seriously think he made himself so thirsty that he had to drink piss, do you?
A lot of people have been fucking up recently.
Wow I'm so sorry
What did your parents say?
How was the pan "wrong?"
all I read was "led to a pretty intense orgasm" see you later getting hot wings
They were going to pull me out anyway.
Not like it matters?
I think that means you should drink more water
I should have posted "Home, sick" maybe...
"...when you enter the Zone"
Dont tell me you never peed with a boner?
I do it all the time, it's hard (pardon the pun), but its possible.
I smelled fish on this one too though too.
the question is...did u finish?
Chyea I mean why would he be afraid of STDs??
What a child.
: Are you Bo ?
Hehehe, pull you out.
(Cause you drew a penis)
keep those asshole cats off it!
my sister is going to a different high school and they decided to put me there for some reason.
Steady Pissin.
As much as I hate pranks, that is fucking smart!
You could have a detached retina, ER now!
Just like an episode of !
Jesus Christ, well Im not sleeping any time soon
Yeah, because they make you the head scout of the world's largest scout organization because you don't know how to survive in the wild.
replicating dangerous situations to show people how to get out of them, as a professional, is something entirely different from what you are talking about.
I just saw a stand-up comic the other day and he had a pretty funny bit about that.
"So, I'm in college and at orientation they gave us this talk about drunk hookups.
They said, if you're both drunk and have sex, it is still the guys fault/responsibility and can still be considered daterape.
So that brought me to the conclusion that I have never made love to anyone, I have only ever raped someone".
did anyone else see the crack in pic 2 and think wow...you've really fucked up...
my buddy woke up hammered and used his 55" flat screen as a urinal.
funny shit
Your being judged on your acting ability in your class?
If it makes you feel any better one time in college I completely froze on an in-class presentation.
I mean I read two lines from my prepared notes, then I forgot how to read, the prof asked me questions to help prompt me and I couldn't even answer them.
After about 5-8minutes of me looking at my notes and going "uh, um...the author explained...um...uh" I apologized and sat down.
At which point the prof had to take over the presentation (it was on the days reading materials).
The worst part about this is that I was a theatre major with a focus in acting.
This was a history class, it just goes to show that you circumstances are everything.
Toby made this as a joke.
I think it was while he was playing .
its hotter on the way out?
Hey its time for a rimshot.
nope time to hold my knuckle in agony.
My friend told me a story of a guy he knew who used Icyhot for lube during sex.
, the girl liked the icy part...but was not such a big fan of the hot.
So at least you only caused pain for yourself.
This was clever enough - by itself - to get you some puss.
I did this once in the hallway of a resort in Mexico...but it involved mass quantities of alcohol.
What an anal school.
If my school was that harsh with similar pranks then the whole school would be gone.
One time people were handing out small shaving cream cans at the train station closest to our school as a promotion.
The school was in the city, in a building 20 story building.
1 of out playgrounds was outside in a terrace covered in fake grass with higher office building around it.
A giant foam penis was drawn on it.
How they got us to remove it?
Fire hose, which then turned into a water fight.
I wear my shirt on my feet!
I watched a ( yesterday where this story was also told.
neva 4get
No, no..
he teabagged her.
Do you see the difference?
Years ago, a kid a classmate was smoking weed in his room when his mom walked in.
He quickly put the still burning marijuana in the shoebox where he hid all of his "stuff".
In this box was also $500 which caught on fire at the same time he was caught.
That's how a real man gets puss.
By wit and cunning.
there are some lines in a friendship that should NEVER be broken.
i would be extremely surprised and slightly disappointed if he even so much as considered taking you back as a friend.
I can't even hide this lovely hole
Thanks for making me feel worse...
the way to a man's heart is through his stomach; so make a cake and give him a hug.
I think he's joking.
Have you tried talking to ?
They might be able to help you out, though don't expect miracles
You're like Moses, bro!
You split the red sea.
You had better kick this relationship into "friends with benefits" mode real quick.
It's cool I mean he only spent about 150 hours to get his character to that level.
If you're already friends with benefits, bust out with more/better benefits.
If you're under 18 I never said any of this.
Since he's married to one of my dearest friends, I think the benefits may cause more problems than they will solve...
In the kitchen getting my cupcake pan out...
I'll get the recipe book after I send this reply ;)
in action right here!
You, sir, have given me hope.Will email them after I have made the cupcakes...
I deleted my friends almost finished skyrim saved games just as a prank.
He thought it was storage issues.
...I'm thinking chocolate cupcakes with chocolate bits inside and chocolate gnache for icing (he likes chocolate)
Yeah you're quite literally SOL then.
The only other option is to set everything on fire to destroy the evidence.
oh, he knows...
If you're under 18 I never said any of this.
Got me.
I laughed so suddenly my new kitten just freaked the fuck out and jumped off the table and ran for it's furball life.
buy him something.
Diablo 3 if he doesn't have it already.
sweet!
Don't plan on anything coming from it.
They don't store saves on servers or anything, it's strictly client-side.
That means it's most likely irreversible.
My question is...
I mean, it gives you a clear warning of what you're doing after clicking it.
This isn't something where you can just misclick and it's gone.
Take it up the butt.
No lube.
Ok, a little lube.
How did you do it?
WHY did you do it?
I can't fathom how you thought it would be ok.
You're also going to have to provide 150 hours worth of tasty baked goods.
Not just the same thing, but different things that are tasty.
Those are your options.
You're lucky if he didn't delete your friendship.
Do you realize how much time it takes to get to that level?
All the effort and ignoring of people you care about?
No, Op deserves to feel bad.
put little Skyrim emblems on them with icing.
And then post pics.
And then send me some.
you poor soul you will be visited a daedra tonight
I like this idea...
just not sure if putting skyrim on the cupcakes might be a bit like putting salt in a wound...
i think we have already established it's because i must be mentally retarded or something...
coz who the f#ck does something like that
What the fuck kind of prank is that?
Hey I slashed all your tires!
hahahahahahahaha.
But wait I put sugar in your tank
I dont know why I thought that would be a good idea.
You're right, dont do that.
Is out possible to restore a previous version of the game?
I don't know if that would help or not but you could try.
If not.
Buy him all the alcohol he wants.
My boyfriend would never forgive me if something like this happened.
I mean I have, but its not the asiest thing to do.
Plus who gets peeing confused with cumming OP does...
I think the saves are stored client-side, so just restore from a backup.
Don't have a backup?
sucks to be him.
To anyone reading this who's thinking "yeah, sucks to be him" and you also don't have backups, get on it!
Don't listen to him.
Guys hate cakes.
Make him a steak or roast chicken or such.
Did this to a friend on once.
he was only level 10.
Don't expect that this is the last that you hear of this.
It'll be used as guilt for yeeears.
no we don't :P
I'm not going to volunteer to be hung, drawn and quartered.
Then you're not sorry enough.
If he plays on PC try a system restore.
I value my life, pretty selfish I know - but at least I voluntarily put myself up for public ridicule on reddit (the 21st century version of the stocks and pillory)
sissy
SOL?
How in hell did you manage to do that?
Like the sour patch kids commercials.
First, you were dick and deleted his character, then you were sweet and make cupcakes.
mmmhhmmm a big plate of (
I just learned this one.
It means...
Shit out of luck.
He needs to create another character a get over it, thats what I do if my saves get deleted
but if you really want to make it up to him, by him dawnguard when it comes out for his system
This might seem obvious, but if he's on PC then you could check the recycle bin.
Or you can right click the save folder, go to , and then find a restore point from before you deleted the save.
Maybe you'll have some luck with ( the file recovery program.
The save files have a .ess extension, you might be able to filter results on Recuva.
I don't remember if it will allow you to filter to directory, but the saves are in C:UsersUser nameMy GamesSkyrimSaves by default.
Also, uh, have you tried the bin?
Maybe you'll get super lucky.
Hey, that's shitty underwear!
(gotta love Robert .)
shit outta luck
Drunk is an altered state.
states may cause people to be unable to consent.
No consent + sex = rape.
Just don't get the baker's chocolate mixed up with Ex-Lax.
A great idea - It looks pretty freaking awesome too!
Thats the point, they don't mind seeing through it because that means they don't have to see it.
Hurrah!
AND NOTHING OF VALUE WAS LOST.
Pro-Tip2: Ctrl + W is a hotkey to close a tab
Pro-Tip3: Ctrl + Shift + T will re-open the last closed tab (this stacks like undo/redo so you can reopen multiple tabs)
You can still recover that savegame, just because it's deleted doesn't mean it's not anymore on the HDD.
Try the program Recuva if you're on , it should be self explanatory.
How did the teacher or school prove unarguably that it was a penis?
No one could prove intent.
have consequences if you want to do something questionable, make sure you can talk your way out of any negative consequences.
On what planet are cakes NOT fucking awesome?
I'd always just assumed that Sol was a real dick.
Don't beat yourself up too much.
The other day I couldn't find my wallet and eventually found it under my car, guessing it fell out as I was getting out while I was fumbling with groceries.
The only reason I got it back is because out of sheer luck it bounced under my car out of plain sight.
Have you tried to undelete the files?
There are some programs out there that could recover the data.
I can recommend a program if you need one.
else said it: If a PC, try a restore.
, it's just a fucking game; I logged over 500 hours on a character that was destroyed, and I'm fine.
That being said, treat him to a nice day or something.
Buy him a new game, take him for a bite, maybe on a day-trip.
that's real and nice.
It'll be fine.
: sorry; outta luck
If there are language-sensitives in the room.
on the planet where guys dont die of diabeties at 50
And 150 hours refers to consumption of said baked goods, not production.
Join the Hell's Angels and claim your Red Wings patch.
They'll love you for it.
Other than that, calm down, bro.
Shit happens and in a month, it'll be gone.
, the one kenwag hails from.
You don't have to have diabetes to enjoy cake.
Cake is delicious.
buy him half life 3.
I'm sure that'll make him SUPER happy
System has nothing to do with backups.
Or alternately the quarter pound meal at mcdonalds...
All of your advice has been awesome (thanks)!
What's my advice if you ever find yourself in this situation (I hear you ask)?
Pray that you are lucky enough to have a friend like mine: I just got the following message, "It's okay, getting over it.
These things happen" (sorry to disappoint you taslol ;)
Once when I was young I was about to get into the bath, but then I had a sudden urgent need to pee.
The toilet was at the other end of the house so I just dropped my dacks and let loose into the bathwater.
Mum walked in and flipped.
I was young so I couldn't really figure out why.
might help or you can convince your friend that you found out about this new game called outside
If he's playing on PC, the savegames are automatically backed up.
They'll be in
There'll be save files (.ess), as well as quicksave.ess and autosave.ess, which are self-explanatory.
In addition to these, there should be quicksave.ess.bak and autosave.ess.bak.
Of course, if he isn't using PC, you should probably start running.
' obsessive habits once saved me my world (apparently It backed up the folder for some reason)!
TIL that there is a difference
For years I have carried the guilt of having deleted my brother's Final 8 save file.
Get it out, share that guilt, bro.
I know how you feel ;)
I chose to deal with it by lying and saying that it wasn't me.
He didn't believe me, but he eventually dropped it.
yeah and even if the files are "deleted" they might not be gone gone.
get ( and point it to the skyrim save directory detailed in the above post.
Have it do a deep scan for deleted files.
see what comes up!
again, if he is not playing on PC, just pray that he doesn't snap and absorb your soul
Why are we all ignoring the face that when your character is level 54 it's no longer any fun whatsoever to play?
dies in one hit.
It should have been about time for him to make a new character anyway.
Hows hell?
His name wasn't Kenny, you dont need to get your panties in a knot ;)
edit: I wish it had been Kenny, then he would have come back to life and my problem would have been solved...
he'll get over it.
Any other suggestions?
it depends...how close and comfortable are you to this friend of yours and what your friend likes...
it can lie somewhere in between buying him a new character with a higher or same level (yes, people sell characters online, for RPG games) or buying an entirely new game...
to taking him out to an all expenses paid dinner...
to buying him a sky-diving or flying lessons gift certificate...
to doing a strip-tease for him...
totally depends...hell, sometimes a heartfelt (but light and funny) apology note does the trick!
it worked on me once lol (yeah, i am a sucker for all things that are sincere :) )
we guys are very forgiving, if the the apology is fun enough!
You don't have to have diabetes to enjoy cake.
Too long; don't remember
oo wait seriously?
It's a joke, I don't think that many people would be happy about being bled on.
This is not why we broke up.
You could buy him the dawngaurd DLC when it comes out for PS3.
And make him cupcakes.
And send an email to including a sob story and a rough drawing of a unicorn as tribute(include rainbows).
I got diabetes for nothing?!
YOU MONSTER.
, I redo game characters every once in a while.
it's nice to start fresh.
Make those sweet ass cupcakes and you'll be fine.
for three months...
This guy checks out.
That's about the least metal thing a drummer could do.
Feel for you bro.
Go to the doctor.
Did you delete it RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIM!?!!
While looking him directly in the eyes?!!
Sol is our sun's name.
And yes, it kind of is a dick with all the cancer and stuff.
poops.
Not usually on other people during sex but everyone poops.
At least he didn't start smearing it around and tell you he had been waiting for this moment.
Make a cake that says I was once a level 54 character but then I took an arrow to the knee.
no, that would make me an evil sadistic bitch.
That combined with your username gets you all of my upvotes.
Trust me, there's no way you couldn't tell.
Also, she searched my bag for the bottle.
(I bring small bottles to fit in those string bookbags)
So how did you actually end up deleting his character?
Saving over one of the saves?
Saving over ALL of the saves?
the character data?
Not sure what you did...
Unless he is on pc and used the level cheat.
But if he did it doesn't matter as he could've used the level cheat.
Yeah see, you're gonna want that unicorn.
Kill your friend.
It's...
It's just not the same.
The star of our solar system
Or just pound his anus at mcdonalds...
Figure something out with his SO, you said she was one of your dearest friends, the two of you together will find the answer :)
I must have, because that phrase doesn't exist in your comment.
Upvote for username.
So much of this.
HAHAHA, I BET YOU'RE "PISSED OFF."
Man, I am a terrible person who makes terrible puns.
me, reddit...
Don't fret..
Just tell him to use it as motivation to become an adult an stop playing video games.
you can follow this up by suggesting going outside and socializing, or taking up a sport to fill the time instead.
If it's a PS3 and the warranty's already out, hook it up to a linux box before he does anything else on it.
I'm not too familiar with the PS3's file structure, but you should be able to use some sort of recovery program to dig it up if it hasn't been overwritten yet.
If you're not savvy enough to do this yourself, call in the big guns.
has a friend that knows these things.
Not a guaranteed solution, but it's worth a shot if the warranty's already up and opening the case isn't an issue.
to be exact.
Middle click is faster than both of those.
Does all that.
Cake is horrible.
I can't stand all the grease and yuck.
Give me a grilled steak or even a boiled chicken breast over a cake any day.
If you're a guy and you like cake, check if your knickers are also pink.
I'm level 54!
Cody is this you!?
runs out of office screaming
That's preference, just like pink underwear.
I don't like pink underwear, that doesn't mean men can't wear it.
There's no such thing as gender specific food, you stupid misogynist.
In my language "sol" actually means sun...
you're creepy.
Good TL;DR...
sucks to be you man
That stinks...
Yes there is, I mean unless if you are gay and feminine, I have nothing against it, but if you claim to be masculine then for fucks sake stop wearing pink knickers and eating cake.
Did you only delete one of his save files?
Over the months ive managed to amass a large collection of saved files some of them are a bit older but there are always at least 3 files that I make just in case anything happens.
Pffft...I'm at level 45 and I've put in well over 200 hours...who knows how much time this guy put into his stuff
you could still recover it.
If he has the PC version, he could use console commands to recreate his character as best he can.
...I think i might hate you
I don't think there's anything more masculine then doing whatever the fuck you want in the face of naysayers.
I don't like pink underwear but cake tastes good, so if it is in the vicinity, I will fucking eat it.
Deal with it.
Lol thanks
To be honest, you probably did him a favor.
I wish I had good fwendz like you.
How does this even happen!?
Does your friend not make secondary saves occasionally!?
I am necessarily skeptical of your being able to "accidentally" delete an entire character worth of saves.
Is
( what you are referring to?
You can reach lvl 50+ in under 100 hours easily..
some people tend to walk everywhere so that'll make it at least twice as long.
I'm sure we all caught the message flitterella said that as people who play Skyrim, nothing would be enough.
But with a nice, witty reply from OP, the tables are turned.
Harsh, man.
I assume it wasn't password protected.
That would be a good idea in the future.
Buy him a nice bottle of scotch( or whatever his preferred drink is) to drown his sorrows in and cook him a few pounds of bacon he can nom on, bacon makes everything better.
kill yourself
That's how you get ants :)
I have a feeling I am being trolled here.
Not sure why.
HMMM
Poop is funny.
Extra cheese, please.
It's a videogame...who cares.
I once had a moderate quanity of some substance of questionable legality on my lap while driving.
Pulled up to a gas station, forgot it was there (who would have guessed?) and proceeded to buy a bunch of random things.
I returned home and after about 30 minutes I was wondering where it went...
it hit me...
Gas station.
So, I drove back (about 3 minutes only) only to see 2 squad cars mysteriously chillin right where I had parked.
to say, I decided it was in my best interest to not retrieve my lost goods.
The only thing worse than losing $500+...
Losing it, finding it and being powerless while someone else takes it.
First thought was "OH MY GOD THEY HAVE MY PLATES ON CAMERA" - turns out it was winter and the snow on my bumper covered my only plate.
(queue success kid)
Go eat cake and while you're at it, put on an apron and a wig, nanny boy.
how did it happen?
simply tell the truth.
the guy got stabbed in the groin by a thrown knife he failed to catch.
just leave out the part where you threw it, and you were sitting down.
skip to 'heck it hurt like a sonuvabitch, but the nurse sewed it up real nice.'
I don't mean doing horrible things like that.
I mean doing whatever the fuck I want if it doesn't affect anyone else.
I enjoy cake.
You don't.
Let me eat my cake, and fuck off, you dumb bastard.
razor sharp knives can cut through pants, especially athletic shorts or somwhat, prettily damn easily.
think flesh as cheese, and that chees is covered in paper.
now chop with machete.
see the point?
Truth hurts
Go away, Kenwag.
No one likes you.
dude, well done.
economizing the personal fuel market.
also, shit man good luck with the stomach ache.
You are inexplicably stupid.
I don't know what gene or what about you causes you to dislike cake and people who eat it, but you shouldn't copulate with anyone.
Use a condom.
Yes granny, and I'll bring some more cake to the nursing home next time I drop by.
by any chance?
Dane here.
Sol=Sun as well in the cold north.
Sorry granny, I should've remembered that you don't have any more teeth and you can't eat any solid food except cake.
lol What are you 7?
did you give them the oneyou meant to delete?
i assume it left your posession?
else this is an easy thing to fix.
aside lost data, and even then just get chrome on the unwiped comp, import from another browser after logging into google mail on chrome (even a throw away will do).
then wipe everything from mozilla, log out of chrome.
get chrom on the other wiped machine, voila after logging in you have your bookmarks back.i assume you know your own passwords, and dont care all that much about history.
just say you need some data on the machine, it takes just a few minutes, not long at all.
questions?
i hope it helps
Story would have been funnier if he had really said he was naked...
OP said the roach was under a pile of clothes when he crushed it.
Is your language latin?
That was the one i was referring to.
Sol actually translates to sun in my language too.
Get him a gift.
Lost my shit at "That crap was caused by the first round of mylanta."
I broke my arm as a stupid youth once by swinging on a chin up bar.
yeah what he said.
Thanks a lot, bro :) but I have already fixed it.
I still had a backup of most of the stuff everywhere, so it turned out good.
As a graphic designer, I've had numerous "one little change on an otherwise innocuous design makes it totally look like a dick" moments.
I totally understand mistakes like this...
And feeling like this...
It's as if the human brain is always trying to see dicks where there are no dicks.
I see a revolution!
Good luck with that gig, guy!
well there ya go.
still, a good trick to keep in mind should the issue rear its ugly head again.
cloud storage is rather useful.
My great uncle who was fired from his job as a bank president for embezzlement went on to manage a restaurant.
It was a good life.
If he asks you, just tell him god called and ordered him a new life.
This is one thing I am absolutely terrified of doing.
I think I would die of humiliation.
is bad enough.
At least your boyfriend was lovely about it though!
The flavour of a wine will fall somewhere on a spectrum between 'sweet' and 'dry'.
'Medium' refers to a wine that is somewhere around the middle of this spectrum.
What was in the email?
It also translates to sun in as well.
It bothers me when people use throwaways.
I bought a 2nd gen off my friend for $5 because it was broken, then I fixed it.
No, it wasn't.
I sent a remote lock via Find my iPhone but it never received it, so whoever took it didn't put it on wifi.
I went back to my school to see if I dropped it, but to no avail it was not found.
I sent remote wipe in case anyone finds it, as I have "personal" things on it.
You've got to be shitting me.
Fake weed?
What are you talking about?
You can take the hard drive out and hook it up to your computer as a secondary drive.
I did that when I backed up my PS3 and just copied everything over to my main pc drive.
It might be possible to get the save back if you run a program like Recuva.
Edit: I was wrong.
I did this a while ago so I thought I backed up my PS3 from the actual hard drive.
I backed up my PS3 with an external drive.
I did have my PS3 drive in my computer when I bought a new drive so I could format it to FAT32, which is why I thought that was the filesystem the console used.
I'd call poison control.
This just happened to me a couple weeks ago.
I have Skyrim for the PS3 and I had no clue that the PS3 had the ability to create different profiles under which you could save different games.
I didn't know because I am the only one who ever uses the PS3 (usually).
Wife is a gamer, but mostly old games and (so...PC games).
After weeks of watching me play Skyrim, she decided she wanted to play because it's fucking awesome.
So I loaded it up, went to new game, and she started playing.
Two days later I go to play Skyrim, can't find my character, LOSING MY SHIT ENSUED.
He was level 44.
I had about 3000 gold, had finished all the ' Guild quests and Dark quests, had all the awesome sneaky thieving gear you could possibly get.
I couldn't play Skyrim for another week after that.
I couldn't beat her because spousal abuse is against the law (I don't live in the South).
Also because she could beat me up.
I feel for you; she was pretty upset.
I was pissed but not at her, mostly at for designing the game in such a retarded manner.
I had to go take a shower to chill out.
She has her own profile now...
How did you delete it?
You are just the worst kind of person.
I hope you get HIV.
mfw your post makes zero sense.
it's that synthetically made stuff you used to be able to buy at gas stations.
i dont understand why anyone would smoke this stuff over real weed, the smoke is extremely harsh and i'm pretty sure my vision is fucked up because of it.
This was about the most awkwardly typed TIFU ever.
The fuck is up with your syntax dude?
I don't get it...what's so bad about this?
Oh Jesus, I thought you were talking about a computer keyboard.
I was about to call bullshit.
Smoke real weed.
Spice and synthetics are terrible.
I'm sorry, but if this happened to me there isn't a big enough enough umbrella in the world to save you from the hell that would be rained down.
someone is in a public bathroom when I come in, I always drops my pants to my knees to piss.
The look on their face is always priceless.
Well that escalated quickly...
It's starting to look like it's easier to just count the languages that don't
I think most email systems have a limit on how many people you can send a single email to.
I'm surprised that your email went through to that many.
I guess diet and exercise is too much for some people.
I found $885 in a pack of cigarettes once.
The only reason I picked it up (I don't smoke) was because I noticed the pack looked fairly clean and not crushed to pieces or anything like most packs on the ground.
I picked it up, looked inside, calmly put it in my pocket, and continued on home.
suggest a 3 way.
I live in .
A few years i go i accidentally called 10 people
Where's zoidberg when you need him?
I used to do this all the time, i never had really long hair but somehow the sticks would end up in my eye like twice a year.
once a drumstick bounces off of anything it ends up in my eye
the sack strike is a classic move
Better safe than sorry.
Your stupidity has actually shocked me.
Nice job.
Du synest det er mer sannsynlig at jeg snakker latin enn norsk?
Yup, norway.
ALL adults do this...
In a relevant situation.
Better safe than dead
I had a lot of private information on it.
How many dick pics we talking about here?
None.
I have porn.
gasoline was actually on the show "1000 Ways to Die." Please get checked out.
I know someone who got t-boned by someone doing 201 kph.
So it could be a lot worse...
Mest sannsynlig var vel at du snakket spansk.
Eller et av de haugevis av andre sprak der Sol = solen
How did it taste?
There was also a woman on my strange addiction who was addicted to drinking gasoline.
While it may not be good for you a little wont kill you
Thats a real asshole move.
havent you ever watched the simpsons?
I have never actually drank it like that but fuck it sounds awful.
lulz
now now, if we treated everyone like that this subreddit wouldn't be very much fun, now would it?
Take another glass of that fine diesel!"
You clicked on that headline, and read these comments just to say that?
My, but you must have so many impressive pastimes that are far more worthy than ours.
He's already married.
No need for any of that.
Heh..I did the same but my friend just took the ipod for the weekend..He confessed later..I was pissed and I didn't have a password.I do now.
I just know the dude who drank it out of his motorcycle died.
Send a follow up email stating that it was a stress test on the email distribution system
9th period?
How long are your classes?
30 minutes?
completely.
about blood and bad things turn me on, i dont know why.
I feel like I'm personally handing out the pitchforks and torches by saying this, but: 4.0
watches comment karma plummet spectacularly
41 minutes.
Except my 9th period class got out 10 minutes early.
I'm hoping my friend took it accidentally because I was letting him use it.
Or maybe I left it, and when he came back to get his stuff (because he left immediately without his stuff) he grabbed it and is holding on to it for me.
Next my iPod I get is going to get the whole nine yards.
Long ass passcode, iGotYa (google it), location services ON, IPs memorized for SSH, etc.
Nah, but I can't figure out why people like it.
It's just dumbed down DD.
Maybe I had been playing for too long but it was too clunky, too badly designed.
That "powers" shit is idiotic.
We switched back after about a year.
Do you like that?
When I was in High School our classes were 100 minutes long and we went to three a day (out of six total).
9+ subjects in a day seems like it'd be mentally exhausting.
Eh, it's alright.
It really depends what the class is.
For some classes it feels like all fucking day, and then some you're like, but...
we just got here!
Well good luck when you get to college.
are virtually guaranteed to be at least 70 minutes and it's not unusual to have three hour classes.
Sorry about the iPod, by the way.
At least you have an extra one.
Be sure to change all your passwords.
Ah yeah, see I thought the same thing too at first.
It's important to remember that the two are different games, no matter how superficially similar they might seem.
There are whole swathes of things you can do in 3.5 that you can't in 4.0, and vice-versa.
The focus in 4.0 is definitely on combat, which is most apparent when you realize that everybody is always relevant in combat.
Their usefulness waxes ad wanes depending on the circumstance and how strong they built their character, but every character has cool, unique, and (critically) varied powers.
You almost always have a lot more options than just a Full Attack, even plain vanilla fighters.
I've definitely been won over the 4.0 camp, though there is a special place in my heart for 3.5 and .
If I had I one glowing recommendation for 4.0, it's that combat is just more fun.
It's certainly not for everyone, but if you get a chance try to make a character with a lot of forced movement, usually a controller or defender.
I think that if 3.5 combat was boring, you had a bad DM and bad players.
That's how I always felt.
But I had an amazing 3.5 group.
A family member went for his water bottle for a swig, because in my family we chug our beverages, and he accidentally ended up with a mouth full of rubbing alcohol instead.
I have no fucking clue how that happened, but I guess my point is that sometimes weird shit happens as a result of stuff going unnoticed.
I didn't have any passwords stored on it.
Just worried if they browse.
Come to the Farmer's market on brimhall / on morning!
I just like battle wound stories even if they are false
I think "boring" was perhaps a poor choice of diction on my part.
I am kind of having to force myself from writing out some huge poorly-though-out essay on the matter =)
And, for what it's worth, combat was rarely boring in 3.5 for me personally because I was "the" wizard.
It's just nice how now everyone has unique, fun things to do right off the bat without having to think about multiclassing or UMD or whatever.
TIL I learned there is a Farmer's Market at .
Ok, mint?
Are you implying toothbrushing and I'm being thick, or does it really taste of mint
This tifu is kind of pointless without the content of the email.
Um, if he were that concerned about STIs, he would have been using a dental dam/latex gloves and there would have been no contact with the blood to begin with.
Safer sex, yo.
Wait, so you don't like grease, yet you'll eat a steak
IIRC, wasn't it because he puked gas onto a campfire?
That's what I remember too.
He wasn't poisoned, he burned to death.
She was probably an alcoholic, gasoline contains ethanol.
ethanol=drunk
Still wouldn't hurt to get checked out, of course.
diesel can't be good for you.
Nah, I bet it's got electrolytes.
It's what...
someone...
craves...
or something.
How is this not posted?
Oh thank you so much for link, that saved me as many keystrokes as typing this thank-you!
I do believe so.
This was due to his body rejecting the gasoline, rather violently.
Nah, I just have good memory.
Most people around me as of friends and family can't remember as much as I do.
I think people can now get high by licking your colorful back and make poison arrows from your sweat...
No she was inhaling it drinking gasoline is extremely poisonous
at level 52 I was at 230 hours in.
I was underestimating for the sake of example :P
( seems fine...
As someone who goes to a school with about 1275 students and faculty strangely enough, this can be kinda a big deal.
But it happens every once and a while.
1000 ways to die is a fiction show, they make everything up and pretend they don't.
What the actual fuck did I just watch?
Ah crap!
The sticky kind of mace?
Bear mace vs.
human target is an enhanced offense compared to the stuff for muggers; any chance of a police report?
The police wouldn't actually DO much, but making the first report can deter a repeat event and makes it easier to screw these bastards if there is a second time.
im pretty sure it has to do with the length of the blade and the way it comes out.
where im from () it is legal to own/sell switchblades (though not many people do sell them apart from the flea markets and such).
, betas are awesome in larger tanks, they just CAN live in a glass because they breath from the surface.
Get your beta a bigger tank and then some lesser minion fish for it to chase about!
...and when they have no fins left, name them all "Bob:" because that's all they can do now!
So you're saying that none of the things on it are possible?
He probably sent it one or multiple mailing lists, each with many subscribers.
My school has those.
not none of them, but you cannot use it as a credible source.
Some of the things on it are disproven by mythbusters.
Others outright fantasies.
Have you seen the one where they kill Sheen?
They don't name him, but its him
You crazy, anthony.
Ok, I believe you.
It just kinda sounded like you were saying that eveything wasn't possible.
I didn't even read the comments, lol.
No need to be so sarcastic and condescending, I'm just stating a valid point.
Keto often results in low poopage
This should be it's own thread.
The police haven't done anything to help us at all.
Check if there is an equivalent to "plan b".
Its an app for android and you download it after you lose your phone and it will turn on gps so you can find it.
Yeah, I was thinking about your situation more as I went out for a beer run.
They probably aren't even going to believe you that it was bear mace and not normal mace, and that it wasn't really more of a two sided incident.
Maybe blast some NWA?
COMIN' STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON!!!
hahahahahhah well all this actually happened a couple weeks ago now.
So it's all done and over with, I was surprised when I opened the comment to see it was for my TIFU.
I'm a recent 4chan convert and I forget to check how recent things were on subreddits, which sometimes have some OLD crap near the top still.
DAT GAS!
I've never been on 4chan.
The sounds of it scare me.
I went on though, and that was before it was horrible.
Sounds gross.
You're talking to him while referring to "him" as "he".
I plan on staying away from open flames for a few days.
Upvote for skid steer.
"at the last moment before he went under a pile of my cloths I say screw it and smash him with my bare foot"
You dont fuck with another mans character, tsk tsk.
When I was a kid, someone I knew asked, as all inquisitive (and they all are) 5 year olds would, what that stuff he was pouring into the lawn mower was.
This story doesn't sound like it's going anywhere good...
I think it's fine too.
Plus he got the level 50 achievement.
It would have sucked if he was like level 49 or something.
I'm afraid to ask, too...but what happened to the kid...?
for everyone!
The kid was absolutely fine, he only took a sip and his family rushed him to a hospital, which was (fortunately) quite nearby.
I didn't mean to draw this out, but I'm a firm believer that all story-telling is about suspense and whatnot.
...maybe I should get some sleep.
Just take some fibre supplements.
he did not like it at all.
He spat it right back into the bottle.
Then had to deal with the aftermath; pointless questions and dumb comments.
He's not an idiot.
He had been on some serious meds for a few years.
'Sokay, brah.
I'm sure all do it now and then.
Don't.
Don't eat it.
This bodes of multiple toilet visits.
None of them voluntary.
How long does it take to get a Skyrim character to that level...?
That's what I thought.
Some people (read: severe alcoholics) actually drink that kind of stuff to get drunk.
It often makes people quite ill.
you got drunk, and fucked your barely legal little sister?
TIFU and watched that link.
That macaroni salad is long gone.
It was awkward at first, and by the time it went lukewarm, it was just sad.
It was a massive mistake, and I regret every second of it.
I just don't want this one mistake to fuck me over forever.
When our tractor gets diesel block, the quickest way to fix it is to blow into the pipe in order to push the grit out.
It's a horrible taste to have stuck in your mouth.
alcohol is poison.
the diesel out.
first thing i thought of reading the headline!
got.
ouch, good luck with this one.
please update,
I know it's not as bad as "Had sex with boss's daughter on security tape." but still, this is fucking horrible.
I think that he'll always harbor antagonism towards you, no matter how long time passes and no matter how good friends you remain.
well, I don't have a phone.
I could try Prey perhaps...
It's what cars crave.
I don't have anything to say but FUCK DUDE!
grilled steak has a lot less fat than cake
Okay, let's put in in terms of some other hobby.
It's the same as if you had been working on a scale replica of a B-52, only to have it destroyed as you were about to finish it.
You cannot tell me that you wouldn't be bothered by something you spent so much time on getting destroyed.
My grandpa and my dad drank hydrogen peroxide together when he was a kid.
Dad tells me that used to hand him a copy of The Weekly World News and tell him that there was one true fact in there - all he had to do was find it.
they agreed that drinking H2O2 would lead to longevity.
If H2O is good for you, then having an extra oxygen molecule must be even better, right?
I can see them sitting around that kitchen table now, drinking out of those red plastic glasses used to have.
They took it with orange juice to build a tolerance to the taste.
I'm not too clear on how long they kept this up.
All these years later, my Dad still can't drink OJ.
Anyone else expect the roach fighting back somehow, and not just collateral damage?
Movie based on a book, yes.
An hour of weird addiction videos later, and I come back to this comment.
Damn you, ...
I have found that Diesel actually has a mint taste/smell, but I spent A LOT of time smelling it.
I can actually tell the difference between road diesel and farm diesel (dyed/un-dyed).
Oh god...Good luck...
I don't even know what to say...
You FUCKED your SISTER.
How do you even make such a mistake?
Drunk or not, there's no way in hell I would even consider being remotely sexual with any of my siblings.
Good luck I guess?
I'm not sure you can get out of this.
You are the fuck up of the week for 6/10/12!
Just so ya know, people often lose as much as 10 pounds in the first couple days of keto then obviously it slows own.
You shouln't overdose on laxatives to poop.
It happens to most people.
it wasn't home made mayonnaise :)
Why did you pour Dew down your shirt?
so he could go cry in the shower.
Aside from an excuse to take a shower, I have no idea why he did that.
It was exactly that.
I usually only shower in the morning, but I made a show about my very sticky chest and stormed off to the shower
Do you want to explain to the girl hey I just put jizz in my ear im gonna go freak out about it or shit I spilled soda all over me.
How did you go about pouring it?
Did you nonchalantly pick up the can and proceed to dump it all over your chest?
I cried from laughter b/c there are so many times when I think I'm gonna crap myself during sex.
As a matter of fact, there are many times when I think I'm gonna crap myself at any moment.
My girlfriend was asleep so all I had to do was have it on me when I woke her up with my bitching, so pretty much exactly that
It all makes sense now!
Nailed your sister...can't do anything about that except to make absolutely sure there is no pregnancy.
Maybe you can sort out the rape allegation though...depends how much credibility you have with your parents.
I want to know why you were fapping in secret?
If my boyfriend wants to fap he can do so, with or without my knowledge/participation
She doesn't care if I fap, I just have one too many bad memories of people walking in so its mostly habitual for me to fap in secret
OMG YOU HAVE A GIRLFRIEND THATS A GIRL WHO PLAYS SKYRIM!?!
UPVOTE UPVOTE
Why so much deceit with your girlfriend?
For 1, why does she care if you masturbate?
2, why do you have to lie about getting cum in your ear.
It would make for a good laugh.
Or you know...you could have just went and took a shower.
Ok I'll ask...
How did the jizz get from your dong to the earphone without your knowledge?
Edit: Ok I assumed over-ear headset, I can see how that might have happened with in-ear headphones now...
I think it was the earphone he wasn't using when he fapped, which I'm assuming would just hang freely and could easily get caught in the line of fire.
Thank you for your expertise on ejaculate trajectory.
So you weren't too drunk to drive home...
but you were drunk enough to fuck your sister?
I don't know why this is so horrifying...
The best faps are sneaky faps
why the fuck did you eat it?
Yes, but that analogy works only comparing things that are in reality.
A video game is not reality.
If his model had been broken, then that's a fair point; however, this is Skyrim.
I wouldn't be upset if my XBL account was lost...sure I'd be pissed for like a day, and then I wouldn't care.
why was a shower even necessary in the first place?
You could have just use a q-tip.
You know, those things that are made good for cleaning your ears.
Edit: they aren't made for your ears.
Who knew.
at one point several years ago, almost a decade ago now, i ripped off my ear, now i have two nice scars.
i like scars, they are fun stuff.
shut the fuck up
for fitzsimmons.
so...I guess anal sex is out of the question for a while
That would have been indeed, too legit.
But then my housemates get upset with me!
Wait, exactly how did you get sperm on your headphone?
Okay, different example, you spend time making a song on your computer or editing images or something, and don't back it up.
Your hard-drive fails.
, the thing is that if something you spend a lot of time on is destroyed or deleted, it isn't an amazingly good feeling.
Nah man, it would be too obvious that he had sperm in his ear.
TL;DR told OP to cum ear.
That is indeed fucked up.
keep updating us
Right, because responsible and busy adults can't play videogames.
you see you're right for the most part except hunter isn't heterosexual, he is very much so gay.
I am the guy who called the other guy a fag.
Not sure how to prove this, but I am.
The guy's actually one of my best friends, and even though he is very homosexual, I meant it as a joke.
A passing teacher heard me and went to Dr.
H gets called into the office, P (me) gets 2 days suspension.
classmate of OP here.
I left the school for that exact reason.
So you are the girl that was asked to kill herself?
No, I'm a guy who's one of OP's best friends.
I was the guy who called the kid a fag (even though it was jokingly and said person is a close friend, a teacher heard it).
Would you care to elaborate a little on these incidents?
I swallow toothpaste when I brush my teeth.
People underestimate my sneakiness
all this for a Dave Band concert?
the three nearest hospitals were already full of other alcohol-poisoned individuals, and therefore I was sent elsewhere.
Why were you drinking Dew in bed?
what about macaroni?
let me finish...salad?
what were you thinking?
Uh, you know you could've just had some sexy time.
Or you could've both masturbated together..
Well, are you back to losing weight?
Now I see why you have changed this school.
OP ended up alobe.
sucks to be you rite now, dont it...
I assume this is sarcastic: that just means you are an arse not an idiot.
You're aware it was your cum right?
I mean i know it's gross but wipe it off and get on with life..
An hour in the shower??
Did you wash your hands afterwards for an hour?
But yeah, I still use them for it.
did he only have one file save for his entire character?
Sorry to hear that man.
I thought everyone called their best buddies names like this, whether they are true or not.
of us is gay, we're both married with kids at this point.
it's just a tradition for some reason or another.
I can kinda see the teacher's point of view also I guess..
if the teacher hears something like that and does nothing, and a student were to complain that the teacher witnessed 'bullying' and did nothing..
well you can see where I'm going with that.
I just find it a shame that everyone is so sensitive these days and can't take the slightest bit of ribbing without claiming bullying.
But you know, if you share the cake and stuff...
Or you overestimate yours...
why didn't you just pretend that you spilled your drink over yourself?
Nom.
Mass Effect taught me that one.
but then she would have to stop playing skyrim.
one does not simply stop playing skyrim...
basically just came in OP's ear.
Sort of had a there's something about mary moment there.
oh god, the thoughts running through my head right now..
Ripped it off?
I have a spider shaped scar on my thigh , I got from getting beat by an extension cord
i ran into some heavy underbrush/trees when playing some backyard football.
thin vines rip through skin and cartilege rather easily at high speed.
4hours in the ER and 24 stitches = 535 bucks
football and burgers = 56 bucks
keeping the game tied 1-1 at great personal cost = priceless
"..which today was chilli and garlic prawns".
Odd..is this the best meal choice when you have explosive diarrhea?
i always got that "wtf am i watching" postfap
Fight it.
You paid, you were told that you were allowed to graduate.
You shouldn't have to waste two years of your time and money because of someone else's mistake.
Bring this shit to the top.
sucky situation, but it seems like it was your advisor's fault, not your own.
That is really interesting.
I wonder what causes the smell.
And they dye diesel fuel?
What purpose would that serve
One does not simply clean jizz out of his ear.
make a rage comics on this, or some type of comic.
it's sterile and he likes the taste.
absolutely!
convince his wife to have a threesome
I'd fight to the end.
You should be able to trust your advisors to point you in the right direction.
They are extensions of the school and a student should not be liable for the schools mistake.
I recently had an advisor leaves school and was pretty disappointed he left.
I have never had an advisor actually helpful and useful like this guy.
Oh well one more year and I get to grad.
It's on the damn box.
No one knows because everyone who does read the labels just doesn't care.
I know the feeling.
I applaud you for having this attitude.
If he was out to do harm against you guys he could have done a lot worse.
I'm sure he didn't feel great about what he did.
me of when I got jizz in my ex's ear while we were dating.
She was, well, sucking my dick at the time it happened.
She wasn't paying attention, decided she had something important to say, and in the meanwhile continued jerking me off.
I accidentally came all over the side of her face and a whole bunch of it totally got in her ear.
I actually don't know how she cleaned that out of her ears because I was busy laughing like a fucking cracked out hyena.
I once found 80 bucks on the street in an envelope containing a small baggie of white powder and a photo ID.
I kept the 80 bucks, (which went toward illicit substances btw), threw out the mysterious powder, and anonymously mailed back the ID.
tbh he would've played through the game by now and the time besides you can lvl a character from 15-81 in 30 mins...
Well at least you didn't use a side-ways toaster!
TIFU: I bought tickets for Dave Band
Is she hot?
Not every relationship is like yours.
Since you're practically begging, kudos to you for being so breezy :/
Save yourself the trouble.
I just found this sub, tis quite funny.
wow o.0 idiot
Ever have a danger wank?
ALREADY SUBSCRIBED
ahahhahahahahhahah that's wonderful.
I just found it awhile ago.
what other subs do you go on?
Mostly specielty stuff.
Like really sucks if you don't play minecraft.
/ is good.
I remember there used to be a you laugh you upvote, but I can't find it now after I unsubscribed because it never moved
I once did this at a summer camp in high school.
Except it wasn't on a keyboard.
It was on one of my friends.
He was dedicated to his ruse.
Gotta respect that.
Good thing it isn't.
Your first mistake was goin to a DMB concert.
That's karma.
Oh I see I see.
I dont play minecraft at all.
I was on but it was dumb.
End of the world as we know it style.
That's how I read it.
For good measure.
TIL DMB fans party hard as fuck!
One is taxed highway diesel, the other is untaxed farm grade diesel.
Only go a fourth of the way in.
So it is a true quarter-pounding.
The fuck did i just read O.o
In these kinds of situations there are typically review boards who can circumvent the normal protocol and help you out.
You'll have to talk to the administrative people at your school to find out where to go from here.
I think were gunna need a picture of your sister in order to see if it was worth it or not.
wtf did i just read
It's okay, I was actually wondering how that sentence structure worked out.
"Amy, you pooped" he says.
hahhaaaha, oh wow I am sorry.
The logical thing to do would be to put Dew in the other ear.
a product of the american public school system
these fucking kids are going to accidentally the entire fucking world
I love how your posts are so serious and concerned, so knowledgeable and erudite...
and your usernamename is Poo--Baboon.
I'm sure he was unaware of that before you told him.
You performed a valuable service here today.
accidentally, a verb?
you are a dude and went dancing with your buddies?
just claim you are gay.
rock solid defense
"went back to looking at cat pictures."
best part
It's icing from the top of the cake, check it out while the cake is falling.
I don't know why I'm replying to this 8 days after the fact.
why are all of you people making excuses for androgynous people?
You are racists for saying his name was Jose
is english your first language?
Spicy terrorist = new catchphrase
its even worse when you accidentally, not a joke, truly unintentional, give your exgfs phone number to girls who want to hook up with you.
I have done this a bunch.
seriously probably 10 or more times.
then I get a phone call.
WHY THE FUCK IS SOME RANDOM WHORE CALLING ME ASKING ABOUT YOU!
people who cant tell the difference between sex and love shouldnt be getting fucking married in the first place, because their marriage wont last anyhow
fuck you faggot, Ill upvote vegetarians and vegans even though I hate most of them.
if you eat meat, you arent a vegetarian.
sex is evil, anyone who has sex is bad
You should just pretend its not there, and if you are specifically asked say that you did it on purpose to test your prospective employers.
why are all of you people thinking sex is evil?
you all sound like repressed religious zealots of some shit
If he hasn't already played another character or made a new character you could always load an autosave.
tell her to mow the grass from then on, and also to stop being poor and get some fucking insurance.
seriously, women love to get pissed at people for anything that goes wrong when they are doing something they would NEVER do themselves.
you dont like that shit happens?
mow the grass yourself.
bitch hypnotized me
you are never going to get any quality action dressed as a security guard unless you are a stripper.
hahahahahahahahahaaahahahahah
heres how you deal with that shit
wait till parents are out for some function
find title to their cars
sell them on craigslist.
take everything value and put it in a bag
pack up your clothes
set the house on fire
leave and never fucking go back.
go to the caribbean until shit dies down
do it when you are a minor so you only get a slap on the wrist if you get caught
thats just me though.
fuck any parent that hates you for being how you are when it harms no one.
they are forcing their bullshit on you, empower yourself.
my parents did this shit too, i left.
fuck them.
in retrospect i wish i had done exactly what i described above
Throw the cigarettes away.
If you're half as miserly as I am you'll never want to start again.
it is legal to want someone to kill themself, despite what ever nazi bullshit your school tries to force on you.
completely 100% legal to ask someone to kill themselves
Hurray for theatre in high schools =]
how fucking hard is it to text him and tell him the truth.
hes not going to give a fuck.
be like hey, i fucked up, i thought you were this hot chick from the gym because im a retard and didnt save your contact info.
hell be like, hahaha, no problem.
WHERE THE FUCK ARE THESE PICTURES
FUCK YOU I WANT PICS!!!FUCK YOU I WANT PICS!!!FUCK YOU I WANT PICS!!!
What's funny is the miser in me can't bear to accept a wasted 5 dollars.
fucked
you need to start a sub about hypochondriacs who over react, this aint shit
It's not wasted if you quit smoking forever because of that spent five dollars.
you gotta problem with BLACK mold?
but what, WHITE mold is ok?
RACIST
nn
sex is wrong and you should feel bad for having it
lol retard
I guess this is what I get for having an opinion different from the hivemind...
tell them to feed their dog or you will burn their fucking house down
tried and true method.
also, walk right into their fucking house and feed the dog like its yours.
if they have a problem with it, be like hey, you arent fucking feeding it, fuck you.
also works pretty well
don't smoke near her
climbing is almost as evil as sex.
the two biggest evils in the world really
I buy and sell cars and trucks.
this is not that uncommon.
one time I got into someone elses car and put my keys into the ignition and there was a hot chick in the passenger seat who smiled at me.
I was like hey whats up.
she was like not much.
I was like why are you in my truck if I might ask, not that I much mind, but whats the deal.
she was like this ISNT your car.
I was like I think you are mistaken, it really is.
I think thats the car you meant to get into.
She was like, o shit, youre right.
I was like its all good.
she went to the other car
I have also gotten into the wrong car on a few occasions.
another time something even weirder happened.
unquit
go to comical lengths to try to show her your arent really a stalker, but stalking her
document it
laugh about it in the end when you win her over
write and sell screenplay
reddit logic = ALL ADOLESCENT MALES WANT TO FUCK EVERY FEMALE ALIVE
hahahah, fucking morons.
have you ever BEEN around bitches that age?
they are fucking insufferable.
plenty of young males dont want shit to do with girls that age.
I didnt, unless they were european or australian.
it happens so much around here all the pumps have a quick detach thing on the hoses.
stop being a pussy have a threesome already, lots
you should feel horrible.
nudity is evil, and you should be punished.
any child without clothing is a sin.
you fucking people are whackjobs.
omg, a child with no shirt.
sorry man, I feel for you.
where do you live?
we should start a campaign to get it back
This happened at the local college when I was a teenager.
She sued the college and won.
I would absolutely fight the school for the right to graduate.
It may mean you have to take the one course to make up for it, but they should have to pay for it.
Good work, man.
Did you fap WHILE TYPING THIS?
So...you're about to have a REALLY bad headache for the next nine months.
I'd buy life insurance.
Nah it was cool.
Now I have an inside joke with the chief of the state police.
Will certainly get me out of tix!
if only you heard you headphones cumming for your ear...
downvotes are for comments that add nothing to the discussion at hand.
I don't think you know the definition of 'fucking up,' because this was certainly not it.
You just won.
You got a face full of boob for no price and no punishment.
RACIST
ill accidentally yo momma
Ah, the old "intentionally-tripping-and-face-planting-into-girl's-chest" trick..classy man, classy.
So how did she react?
When I was in 7th grade I would constantly fall down the stairs at school when I caught a glimpse of boobs.
girls going up, me going down gave a perfect view from the top.
The "tripped on whateverthefuck" is quite dangerous.
I guess he got a
I don't have the best judgment when on the sauce, I'm afraid.
I was drunk enough to have a major lapse in judgment, unfortunately.
And thanks for the luck, I sure need it.
The sex was safe sex thankfully.
In my moment of intoxicated idiocy I guess I was smart in one sense.
Even if I had a picture of her on hand, I don't think posting it would be a good idea.
That made me laugh for the first time today.
Thanks, I needed that.
I thought this was a good thing?
7th grade?
I still do that
I guess I've just never been on THAT level of drunk.
You should try talking to your sister.
In the end, it's her statement that decides your fate, try and reason with her.
You have to know this situation was traumatic for as it was for you.
This is her way of responding to trauma, putting the fault on someone else.
With some time and thought she may come out with the truth that you're both at fault here.
I might try and talk to her tomorrow.
BOOBS.
I think I need a punching bag too, have an upvote from a random redditer.
fucking hell, i guess "the sauce" hits us all in different ways.
And i had to puke it out.
incident was me being very verbally abusive to my guy when i was plastered.
But to fuck your sister in a MUCH more sober state than i?!
Just WTF, man...
sigh.
I feel really bad for you.
At least you have your friend there giving you a hand.
And another thing: I think your parents were biased in their judgment.
They didn't even give you the light of day to explain.
Just because you're a man and she;s a female, you know?
You are stupid and your sister is A BITCH.
But i think she did far worse than you.
Are you trapped in an anime?
Now, you're just bragging.
well...did you get her number?
This is a great idea.
I don't know why that wouldn't work.
Edit: Recuva is a great program, btw.
is another good one, but I think the file types it works with are more limited unless you customize it, and it doesn't recover the folder structure.
edit: What file system does the PS3 use though?
Is it something that most recovery programs would even work with?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Little late with the wine, no?
I blame the schools for these bad roaches.
I blame your parents for the upbringing of a kid who ends up:
cutting my box spring on the side, slicing open my mattress a little bit and cutting my favorite blanket open.
Or maybe they did their best to get you to 18 and then said, "WTF.
We did our best."
ok I don't have any advice about this situation, it sounds like a typical 4chan troll, but here's advice for the long term:
By lying to us about how drunk you were, "I was tipsy" when you were actually blacked out, you're just lying to yourself about your drinking problem.
I'm the same age as you and I've been arrested for getting too drunk and the charges were more than just drunk in public.
You need to stop blacking out, you need to stop taking the car out when you know you're going to be drinking later, and you need to stop fucking your sister.
Tell us all, what did she do?!?
discovers that her friend makes regular saves and it is not a big deal.
and her friend enjoy a laugh and play some Skyrim as they watch the sunset.
After a sleepless night, nwbenj discovers that a freak electrical outage prevented the email from being sent.
Ooof.
This is pretty bad.
And to everyone hating on DMB, please don't be internet assholes.
Did you ever find out what your BAC was?
Itd be a great idea.
Cmon man answer the question we're all asking, how did she react to it?
read this computer keyboard I was going WTF when he said 500$ keyboard
Only a fuck-up if nothing came of it afterwards.
Oh I sure something came of it.
So you got her number, right?
"Hey, so I know I just got a face-full of boobs--your boobs--but wanna go out to dinner with me?"
Why the hell would you fuck your sister?
I mean really...
and why the actual fuck did your sister kiss you?
What the hell was she drunk as well?
I would never fuck my siblings...
even drunk!
Oh ya, and this should totally be a fuck up of the week.
For absolute sure.
Three things you need to answer: 1) Why the hell fuck god damn titty shit did your sister kiss you.
2) Has she tried to do stuff before?
and 3) I feel like proof this is real is warranted.
It sounds too much like it could never happen.
Except in .
need to hear an update on this in the morning...
But tempted to call trolling
1) I honestly have no clue.
When I talk to her tomorrow, I'll be asking her for sure.
2) serious, she just dresses somewhat skimpily around the house sometimes and acted slightly flirtatious, nothing at ALL like she was last weekend.
3) If you (or anyone) can think of a way to prove it in a way that doesn't reveal my identity or put my family and I in any risk, I'd be glad to oblige.
If you mean with my parents seperated from me by a thin wall?
Yes, of course
You, sir, are one lucky fucking duck.
Best of luck to you, and don't mess up again!
I found this title to be very misleading
Doesn't Matter: Felt Boobs.
You seem to be overlooking the fact that she fucked him too.
I think the PS3 uses FAT32, so most recovery programs should work fine with it.
Edit: See my (
Real - embrace these things!
up!
You didn't fuck up you gloating asshole.
...that made no sense and was basically one of the best comments ever.
I'm not begging!
It would just be surprising to me to know that a girl didn't like her boyfriend having a fap - should I meet such a girl I would remind her that she needs to loosen up!
You only fucked up if you didn't get her number afterwards.
I managed something similar except I was paralytic and a bit further away, so I ended up head butting her in the poonanny.
As long as you didn't drool or have a runny nose, you're golden.
How'd she take it?
i never thought someone would make a joke like that, good job
All -play aside, how would you're friends assume that can use you're house as sexual playground just coz ya said that?
Surely they forgot about it rougly 13 seconds after hearing it, no?
And no, thank you :)
Most of us thought that, didn't we?
This man is falsely accused or rape.
What difference does a PICTURE make?
, I think you are a troll.
If you are, shame on you.
If your story is real, you did the right thing by lawyering up.
If you think you can get the lying bitch on tape admitting that it was consensual, and if the lawyer agrees, try to do this.
The only proof that ANYONE will believe is a recording.
After you deal with the false rape, you have to deal with your drinking problem, and your other problems.
You and your sister both need to see a psychologist.
Both of you need to work through a ton of issues, both those that caused you to sleep together, and those that result from the act.
You need help, in this order:
1) Legal help (a lawyer)
2) help (a recording)
3) help (a psychologist)
If this all blows over, and if she appologizes for fabricating a false rape lie, you also must appologize to your sister for not protecting her.
she is an adult and so forth, but she is your sister, and she probably has counted on you to show better judgment than her for 18 years.
You let her down.
This is not because she is a woman or because you are a man.
This is because you are the older sibling.
Also, what do you mean by "she is ABOUT 18"?
If she is 17, you are in a whole other kind of world of shit.
Wrong subreddit bro.
Is there a ?
Sounds like a win
I never thought I had much of a drinking problem.
to say, this whole experience has scared me off of the stuff for the time being.
Also she's 17, but in the state I live in (don't feel like disclosing at the moment) that's legal.
This is a win/fuck up.
After he got his face out of her chest it was probably really awkward and he probably doesn't have a chance of going out with her because she probably thinks he's a total pervert.
I thought he meant in the same room as your parents because I've managed that before without them noticing.
I wouldnt begin to smoke now.
Hey, I just met you
And faceplanted your assets
But here's my number
Let's do it like
Did you used to date drogepirja by any chance?
the story he has above is about a girl turning her head to the side while blowing him and him cumming on the side of her face and in her ear.
Your real problem at the moment is that your sister panicked and threw you under the bus.
If you can get her to recant the rape part you'll be a lot further ahead.
It's not rape if she started on you.
You didn't force anything onto her so that does not qualify as rape.
Sounds not that fucked up to me.
Tell me she liked it!
How did she look anyway?
Flee the country
Could be fucked anyway, some age of consent laws specify the maximum number of years someone can be older than the younger partner.
Being 6'7 I always have a good view.
It was okay.
A walk in the halls without at least three face full's of boobs is considered a dull affair.
Being a liquid, I'm pretty sure one would feel blood dripping onto their face and not be "caked with blood" without knowing
You let your sister kiss you ?
Drunk or not , I equate that to eating a shit sandwich .
and all .
You can try writing a letter and just dropping it in their mailbox .
There really is no other choice here .
You MUST get them to hear you out .
Unless she actually remembers you raping her (and obviously she doesn't) and you don't seem to remember it , how does anybody even know that it happened ?
This is all presuming that you're telling the whole story here to the best of your recollection .
, if you are , you must get her to either fess up about the matter or have your parents hear the two of you hash it out .
, I don't know what to think of all this .
I'm praying that this was your step-sister or something at least .
Oh , by the way , according to your description of events , no rape took place .
We're not even sure if sex took place as all you stated was that you woke up next to her .
are you aware that you probably didn't have your period, as most girls will bleed their first time having sex when the hymen is torn?
dm;sb (doesn't matter; saw boobs)
Sex did take place, just it was (drunkenly) consensual.
I woke up with a condom which I thankfully remembered to wear.
it is known.
I hope your just trolling.
But, try to talk to your parents and your sister.
Admit to them that you and your sister need some counseling b/c I don't care how drunk you were, you have some serious issues if actually slept with your sister and she allowed it.
You keep saying you were drunk, but, you were aware enough to wear a condom and to make the poor decision not to push your sister away when she supposedly kissed you.
You should also be concerned about the fact that you keep talking about how your sister dresses and how she is flirty.
You shouldn't have any interest in this stuff regarding your sister.
Dude, stop looking, flirting, anything with your sister!
Your family has to be disfunctional and needs family counseling, immediately.
, they don't get the cops involved.
Try drinking more water.
I had a similar problem on keto (not the laxative thing, the lack of pooping thing), but when I started drinking a lot more water (like 3L+ a day), I was pooping pretty regularly.
His nose must be bleeding...
falls off the horse once in a while.
Just get back on it ASAP.
And yes, that involves throwing away the cigarettes, or give them to a friend or a bum or whatever so you don't feel like you're wasting them as much.
No, that is my point, or the intended one rather.
They're both at fault, but she can claim rape here.
He could too, but that usually doesn't work...
You drove home drunk.
You fucked your sister drunk but you remembered a condom?
By that point you lost all credibility
Yeah but then you'll have to rebuffer the video!
And here dies my last hope for having a single original thought.
Kudos to you, good sir!
How did you fuck up?
yourself is the bigger waste.
Just think about it as a fee for the smokes.
If you want a couple it'll cost you $5 every time.
This is an added deterrent.
It's his word against hers...
Try talking to her in private and bring a recorder.
With luck you'll get proof of what really happened to show your parents.
Thats just...
why would you even want to do that...?
I only see this as an actual fuck up if you are a teacher and she is a student.
maybe switch over to snus pouches?
that's what i did.
I'm not sure if its just replacing one thing with another, but it's certainly has to be healthier than smoking cigarettes.
plus no smoke smell!
" " could be the name of something.
I'd say dibs, but I don't really have a use.
Should've asked Adam for help.
They won't see an ounce of porn, though, he or she will restore the iPod and make it their own
Spray some febreze or some axe if your room smells, lucky your keyboard still works!
I spilled monster all over my laptop keyboard, a big size, like those German sizes, and it shorted my keyboard and gave me electrical burns on my hands.
, I don't think sex with a sister is ever legal.
I know for sure marriage is out of the question.
Well, if he was intoxicated he was legally incapable of giving consent.
Unless she was similarly intoxicated (in which case the law gets a little fuzzy) then she was the rapist by letter of the law.
shibari is hot.
NEW UPDATE!! Go ahead and add of a nationally-syndicated radio show to my list of jobs as of today.
It was in the photos app, but I got my iPod back.
Check out my .
What would have been awesome was if your pants fell down around your ankles and tripped you up into falling face first into boobs!
Try that next time.
Where can I find it, I searched and no luck.
( how everyone is reacting to this.
My submissions.
How the fuck did she react.
Have them place a hold on your current account, open a new one, transfer your money, and then close the old one.
, someone tried getting a payday loan under my account.
There was a charge for an application fee.
It was only $30, but I couldn't risk it.
Drunk off jello shots??
Drank a bottle of wine?
Let me guess, White ?
I'll bet them cigarettes are Slim too?
And are you sure it was even a chick you slept with (if you actually did)?
I do not see any form of issue with this, you keep bewing a badass, Catman, and I await further updates on your life.
Yay for nice people
hei ban vs.
hei ren...
dude, tell us more
It was smeared, and I don't know if you know this, but people sweat during sex.
Today you achieved victory.
This attack/defense mechanism is what has lead to the use of phrase "Bi-" meaning " in pairs".
souce: too much free time
They both fucked up.
So you fucked up by getting your ipod back?
What was on there that you didn't want it back?
It was an update.
I didn't fuck up by getting it back, I fucked up by rushing and letting it get stolen.
Yes, yes they did.
I'm looking at it in terms of legal culpability, since you brought up the "who can claim rape here" thing.
, they dun goofed.
, it looks like it's only OP for whom consequences will never be the same.
This is like saying "Today I fucked up, I lifted too many weights and got jacked" or "TIFU, forgot to study and got an A"
i just checked with my bf, and he promises to react the same way your bf did.
we're lucky ladies.
Im..
sorry and hope you..
get over it soon?
Nope, you got it all wrong: TIW (Today I won)
Why would you test that?
There are so many examples on TV and they cant put anything on TV that's not true.
This isn't a fuckup.
You fucked up by not posting this in
Which is shitty sense they're both at fault.
Was it as good for her as it was for you?
Oh, absolutely.
Sex crime laws in general are shitty because it's so hard to legislate.
It's made more difficult by the inherently private nature of sex in (I can't speak for anywhere else) and by the difficulty in collecting evidence one way or another.
to bad it didnt turn into a, "Dear Forum, I never thought this could happen to me but..." story
It is known
Well, it ended better than i expected.
You know, pissing in a garbage can and sleeping next to a naked chick and guy...
"haha dude no no problem ill just clean that piss up!"
If it went down as OP said it did, this may just be a confession in disguise
Epic be proud of that one.
Could have ended way worse.
I was drunk once, heading to a party with some friends at an apartment complex that was off campus during my college years.
It was a bit of a walk, and I really had to pee, so when we got to the apartments I ran up ahead of my friends to go relieve the pressure from my bladder.
It was one of those pisses like from Austin Powers right after he's been unfrozen.
Either way, I finish up, wash up and walk out to the living room to realize that my friends were no where to be seen, and that I had no idea who any of the people were who were.
I explained that I was going to a party, had to pee really bad and must have gone to the wrong house.
They were fine with it, laughed, we wished each other a good night, and I went on to the party.
the title should be "TIFHer: by falling face first into boobs"
Do you drink often?
And they didn't even show that in the show.
It's all lies!
a little less than the average undergrad; suffice to say that this is by far the worst thing to happen to me as a result of drinking.
It was definitely my period.
I started bleeding about an hour later, after we woke up.
And I've used vibrators so it definitely was my period.
That and the fact that I bled and had cramps for 6 days after kinda confirms that it was my period.
yea alcohol poisoning is never fun, glad you're ok though.
Yeah, that's how Brian Banks got out of it.
EVERYTHING, man.
I once banged my ex on a couch immediately behind my mother and her boyfriend...they didn't know, don't make this weird.
Ya.
this is probably the greatest fuck up on earth.
Of course they knew.
how can one not notice people fucking two meters away?
They must be deaf and blind if they didnt know...
Post- Stress disorder.
It's equivalent to the emotion experienced immediately after fucking an ugly girl.
Well they sure as hell weren't watching, weirdo...making this weird...
this is solid.
i used to play arcade games obsessively (yeah i know not the same) and then i just thre about four bucks of quarters in the trash and went and read a book.
havent touched an arcade game since then cause i associate it so strongly with literally throwing money in the trash.
seriously though, there are worse things that could happen.
this could be the start of something wonderful.
think fwb but...
more ambitious.
I hope you at least bought her dinner afterward.
Why'd you have to clean it up?
In general, you must clean up the mess you make.
Wow, that's a harsh policy D:
Lucky for me, I discovered that my school's tech dude person is secretly a redditor.
I've seen him on reddit multiple times.
I know that that's the only reason reddit isn't blocked on my school's network (which otherwise doesn't even let you on the page for land mines for "Reason: ").
Use incognito mode next time.
And your high school gives you laptops to take home?
When I was a freshman, some guy who had just taken a shower some into my room when I was asleep and sat on my bed.
I yelled at him, startled and confused.
I didn't have my glasses on, so I couldn't see who it was.
I suspected someone in my hall, but he wouldn't admit to it.
From then on I locked the door.
It happens to the best of us champ, use it as a learning experience for the next time
Why is his sister acting flirty with him?
And why are they then fucking?
My personal rule is not to over do it in a car or during any period of prolonged sitting.
If you're not moving around it becomes very hard to gauge how drunk you really are.
The first (and last) time I got blackout drunk started with a friend and I sitting in the back seat on the way to a party.
We split a fifth or 's (just the thought still makes me gag) and by the time I got out of the car I could barley walk.
That, mixed with two cans of old formula four loko, I didn't remember anything.
I was, doesn't affect third party wed browser records.
And yes.
I'n Maine we have a MLTI program.
meme.
OVERRULED
It's called a "moka pot"; grammatically, I don't see any reason why you would think "espressomaker" is one word.
This is hardly a fuckup...
dm;ab (doesn't matter; ate boobs)
it was my fault technically.
Dude morning after sex is better anyhow!
You missed two opportunites.
Thanks for pointing that out...FUCK!
I was too hungover/drunk in the morning anyways
Had a girlfriend who accidentally overwrote my skyrim game save.
She is now my ex.
Not because of that, but its what i like to tell myself.
Well Dr.
as much as I appreciate your gendered assumptions, I did get drunk off jello shots, but only after sipping whiskey most of the afternoon.
Mind you the jello shots were free, but I'm sure your much too masculine for such things.
As far as the wine goes, it was a dark red Pinot Noir which nicely complimented the chicken rollatini with roasted red pepper sauce I made from scratch.
As far as the cigarettes go, I bought Reds as those were the brand I've smoked since I was 14.
I started smoking when I started working.
For two years I washed dishes before working various construction related fields while completing my undergrad and now graduate degree.
I am currently installing and servicing HVAC systems.
I digress, I'm very sorry to have taken up your time with my obviously effeminate ways.
Well that's a little fucked up...
Sorry, but no matter how open or honest the relationship, I would not admit to having rubbed my ejaculate into my ear drum.
Sex is the best hangover cure.
You should boot USB linux then porn away.
I don't know why she was.
And if I wasn't drunk I never would have had sex with her (I'd assume the same for her).
They didn't let you go home and change?
mourn the burns of your nads?
Also, I'm a minor, so it's pretty hard to get rides to and from work.
I was generally fine, just lost a little pride and feeling for a bit.
Thanks for the tip (teehee) - definitely not something I plan on doing ever again.
They send you to the Space ?
That's harsh.
I dont know if this is sarcasm but either way your welcome.
Who knows.
Set up an server at home and SOCKS proxy tunnel in from wherever you are.
All they'll see is encrypted traffic, if they block the SSH ports then tunnel over 443 which is the port for SSL internet traffic (encrypted).
I thought it was only something from cartoons until I did it myself as a teenager.
SCHOOL
SUSPENSION
but I know you knew that.
giveth and helpdesk taketh away
TB was my first job and they actually take advantage of you alot.
Read up on child labor laws and TB regulations.
You'd be surprised.
When I was in high school they only gave the "special kids" laptops to use.
No sarcasm detected on the scanners, sir!
is another name for /lifeprotips, and both are mediocre at best.
You got anything good?
I'm still trying to find something to make me laugh besides , but that may be a fool's errand...
Haha I have this on my phone.
I really did not know that.
I think you did good, you got boobs without having to go through the trouble of talking to a girl.
My Little Ibex.
By fiat of our ever helpful central government, if you happen to sell smokeless tobacco products, you're not allowed to say publicly that they are less dangerous than cigarettes.
that it's true (by a large margin), it gets in the way of the government approved message that tobacco is bad.
But hey, we have freedom of speech, right?
I switched to cigars to help me quit cigarettes.
upvote for spicy terrorist
knoppix kernels for everyone!
I go on , , thats it really, sometimes I hit the random button near the top.
that's why I always avoid ambiguous 3-letter initialisms
You wanna know how I got these scars?
Upvote for man-burrito.
It's not just TB that does that my friend.
to the working class .
Where you're expected to live to work.
You haven't seen ?
It's to make sure he doesn't steal anything.
Please explain in depth to me.
I wanted to set up a vpn at home.
(I think vpn is what I mean...)
I switched to hand rolled which let me gradually lessen my intake over the course of several months.
This along with gum and exercise got me over that initial hump.
Props for honesty, next time say "Ok I have learned all the in's and out's, I do my job perfectly now" 100% for eternity.
I love all of the euphemisms you used for your penis.
Next review if you keep quiet you can show a 10% performance increase; as well as being perfect.
HR loves that shit.
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who has the "what the fuck am I watching?" moment!
HAHA, Archer reference!
You'll be surprised to know that a few redditors aren't still in high school.
That's so fucking hot
After the comedic beginning of this comment, I read the rest in Will 's voice.
TIL Taco Bell lets their employees work with their dick out
I fucking hate HR people.
In my high school it was called SAC - Class
What can I say?
The mind is a strange thing.
It was definitely a rough day.
, I haven't had another terrible day since then.
Surely there were hungry coworkers in the vicinity who could have helped.
These should cover everything for users.
Were they Imgur links?
Or sites like weirdfuckedupporn.com?
I think you would be in the clear if it was just imgur, schools normally just remote in and watch your desktop.
You would have to be very unlucky to have someone look through your history and click on a specific link.
GL man...
MY (
That's really funny, because I was that 'random chick' my freshman year of college, haha.
Maybe this is a thing, because my incident happened in .
I've told this story on reddit before, but my 3rd day of being in the dorms at about 3am, I hear a weird trickling sound.
I roll over, and I can make out the figure of a person-- turns out to be a random guy peeing in my mini-fridge.
My roommate and I forgot to lock the door, and our suite-mate had brought over a drunk guy that night.
from the other side..
That fridge will always have the stigma attached to it-- no matter how much I clean it.
TL;DR: I actually experienced a random drunk guy peeing in my room
If he is, the main harem character has been set and we know who he's most likely to end up with.
, he will probably trip again and accidentally flip some girl's skirt up.
Also, I read it in the voice.
Mars ain't the kind of place to raise your kids...
In fact it's cold as hell.
I went to a private Jesuit school, and we had JUG.
It meant something in Latin, but all the students called it Under God.
This definitely has to be a thing.
I go to and three of my friends have all done something like this.
The first guy walked in my unlocked room at 2 in the morning and pissed all over my futon.
Later on in the semester that same guy ended up pissing in someones closet.
The second guy (my roommate) ended up walking into some random girls room and pissed all over a chair in there.
The third guy wasn't as bad, but he ended up pissing in his trashcan even though his room was right next to the bathroom.
Yes they were all blackout drunk, and yes the story is still funny every time.
And there's no one there to raise them if you did.
I take and I am black and so I always make my teacher uncomfortable on purpose by making black jokes and stuff.
I mix up "black person" "blackboard" all the time.
I laughed way harder than I should have.
Doesn't sound like you fucked up, sounds fuckin' badass to me!
Well that's not it.
It's when you are close to cumming so you shot one of your parents names and see if you can finish up before they enter your room.
for everything
And now I need to rewatch this, thanks!
In all seriousness: Since you're bi, do you consider the world to be a buffet now?
you definitely fucked up
, now I know.
I kept a 4 gb stash of music on the school server for over 3 years.
If you don't have specific student logins for each computer, you're fine.
Tide Stick?
me I know.
I haven't had a break in almost a week.
Very illegal, but...
It's money man.
that sucks man.
Cover it with laundry?
move a rug over it?
Thats a pretty bad TIFU
YMT
acid?
I can vouch for this as a fellow madison man.
I have heard sooo many stories about this sort of thing.
I even had a friend who's roommate thought her closet was the bathroom and pissed all over the floor.
Why does being a redditor equal to being something diabolical, like a pornographic abuser, nowadays
You should very discreetly email the regional manager.
If that doesn't work discreetly email HQ then the department of labor.
is illegal.
You can still get money w/o being over worked.
It's really best for you if they follow the law.
I would be ashamed too.
I feel sorry for you.
But it was just a freak accident and we all fuck up every once in a while
I'm gonna be off to college soon and I'm not really in the mood for all the trouble it's worth.
Was expecting a story.
Was disappointed.
Now I can't get ( out of my head...
You can always touch yourself for a little while
A somewhat related one would be me accidentally sending a nudie picture to her sister
Please don't ever become a writer.
Poor OP, gets his own comment down voted to oblivion.
Looks like today it was yo cheese.
Haha, the difference if I was actually writing as a story would be effort, a little effort goes a long way.
Sorry, I should have included a smiley face to make my statement seem less dickish.
But come on, we want to read a story.
entertaining.
If not entertaining, at least some detail.
Hell, make stuff up if you have to.
Oh yeah, the smiley face:
I think even HR people hate HR people.
Ooh ooh "yeah me too"?
You should go back in time and save your parent's marriage.
Then, tell them not to be so hard on you when you burn up the carpet several years from now.
Weed
Your biological sister right?
nah, you didn't really fuck up
if you pissed yourself IN the strangers bed, you would've FU.
What did your roommate have to say about you cursing him out?
I had a similar experience.
I was getting a handjobarooni from my ex, when I started to cum.
Well, this was her first time giving a full handy, so she aimed it at me and it shot into my ear, then on my face and chest.
She just kept laughing.
Haha, nope.
I've never tried a drug in my life.
Maine?
The teacher pulled it out and PRINTED IT for some reason :v got it taken away for the rest of the year
i have seen some great things to occupy yourself with so far...
This is very interesting.
Hope she picks up next time you call, and you get this whole thing resolved.
Weird situation though, but then again this is TIFU.
You said a different age in the top homie
Its $12 for 20 in the UK now.
has switched to roll ups
And to get to Mars you must face 9 months in an overjoyed tin can surrounded by nourishing radiation.
If I was a bit fatter and white.
I get it.
smoking for a..
nevermind
Yeah, probably weed
Just bust a move!
You playing dragon realms??
Cut as much of the burnt part out as you can with a pair of scissors and hope they don't pay attention
Yes, definitely a Good Guy Greg...
i think...
well, there's and and stuff like that.
You mean TLIs?
I call them TLAs- Three letter acronyms.
ib fired
YGI!
May I suggest going outside?
Or awesome.
You don't want to be held to perfection from the start
"The doctor said it was the worst case of the shits he'd ever seen."
No one will question it.
Guess your school's tech dude isn't smart enough to seperate user classes and have it so it is filtered for students but not for admins =/ why would admins be filtered at all?
ISD
"Hey I'm feeling terrible and my head is cloudy, I'm going to be 30 minutes late"
15 minutes later
"I'm sorry, this isn't going to happen, I thought I would be able to tough it out but I haven't made it out of the bathroom yet.
I can't make it in."
back isn't a problem as long as you build on your story, and as long as you didn't tell them you were going to be late because you overslept.
So wait, why didn't you just go in late?
You didn't fuck up by switching ISPs.
You fucked up by using the ISP's email in the first place.
This isn't 1994.
He was too busy posting about it.
1) junkyard diving.
Find a Saturn with the parts and just pay for the metal.
2) who in their right mind goes over a year without an oil change?
But then all his quest progress is lost, all the items in the world are reset to default.
Any houses he bought/customized are gone.
Your character stats are the least important thing in a persistent world.
I'm not proud.
PS3 uses a propietary filesystem that is encrypted to each console.
You can't use a PS3 hard drive in another system without formatting it.
No way to access it from another PC or PS3 system.
The GameOS partition is an UFS2 256-bit AES-CBC/AES-XTS encrypted file system with a sectorsize of 512 bytes (4096 bits).
the GameOS partition is perconsole encrypted, it is not possible:
to read out the data on it with another console (it will just ask to reformat it, to set it to its own perconsole encryption, hence emptying the drive)
You are probably thinking of an external USB hard drive, there's no way you can access the PS3 internal drive from a PC.
PS3 uses a propietary filesystem that is encrypted on a per-console basis.
It is not possible to mount it in any other device, thus you cannot use recovery software on it.
It's on PS3, he can't recover it.
Out of curiosity, what program were you going to suggest though?
Good advice, but OP is talking about PS3 version so no way to recover it :(
Good advice, but OP is talking about PS3 version so no way to recover it :(
This is why we can't have nice things!
Don't make the mistake I made!
On Chrome it does actually make a difference.
The browsing history files quickly reach over 1gb in size because it stores the entire page text so you can search your history better.
It eventually slows down the browser a lot and clearing it will make it more responsive again.
Check your Chrome user files at:
%appdata%..localGoogleChromeUser Data
My files are 173mb at the moment after 4 months of using it on this PC.
By the end of the year they will probably be up around the 900mb mark and need to clear my history again :P
On Chrome it does actually make a difference.
The browsing history files quickly reach over 1gb in size because it stores the entire page text so you can search your history better.
It eventually slows down the browser a lot and clearing it will make it more responsive again.
Check your Chrome user files at:
%appdata%..localGoogleChromeUser Data
My files are 173mb at the moment after 4 months of using it on this PC.
By the end of the year they will probably be up around the 900mb mark and need to clear my history again :P
Well he is on a US plan (so has a USA number) with a US phone but they both live in canada, so that means anyone who is sending the messages to him are sending to a USA number.
Since she sent him 200 txts she is paying for 200 international texts.
Hence, she is the initiator and that's why she is paying more.
Seems like OP should get a phone from a canadian provider instead of forcing all his friends to pay extra to text him like a jerk :P
this does not really qualify as a fuck up in my head.
this is irresponsible and extremely lazy, but i don't see how you can call this a fuck up.
there was no "accident".
you did not do anything a "dumbass" would do.
i used to work as a free-lancer, apart from working at a big company.
I too did this many times, so that I could complete the free-lance project on time.
in two times never got me trouble...I might be because of the way I called and said, or just the fact that my boss liked my work and me, and was generally a cool guy.
That should help if you're willing to get dirty and find the parts yourself.
Wow! You really did fuck up.
Good jorb.
I honestly wouldn't even know what to look for.
It's worth a shot though.
Edit: It would require ripping apart the engine, finding the parts, and then paying for the labor, which would run about $1500.
The car is done.
I once hated the idea of HR.
I thought they were the most useless group of people.
Then I worked somewhere without HR.
They honestly do make a difference.
I can't believe I'm saying that.
As far as I know, incest is a felony in most, if not all, states.
Silly world, paying $500 for a keyboard and then complaining about lack of money.
What the fuck, I just listened to '' Zone'' from Iron Maiden and this post comes up?
Oh, sorry, I thought this was a computer keyboard.
Say hi to ender wiggin for me.
New Year's Day a few years ago: Two hours after his shift was to start a co-workers calls in, panicked "I overslept!
I'll be there, I swear!"
20 minutes later he calls in again, "Yeah, I just spent the last 20 mins puking in the tub.
I'm not gonna make it."
Same thing happened to a doctor at the dealership I worked for in the past.
48 000km without an oil change, engine started rattling with only 54 000km on it, he came in to complain, here's how it went:
"My engine is making a very strand noise!" technician went outside to check, comes back in, the engine is broken, we'll have to replace it
"Did you get you oil changed somewhere else?"
"No, why?"
"We only have a record for your first oil change at 6 000km, nothing after that..."
"I'm a physician, I don't have the time for that!"
"Well, at least you have the money to pay for a new engine because this one won't be covered under warranty!"
I tell my boss one of my ovaries has a cyst and I could take the day off all because he'd rather not think about my reproductive parts.
Sounds more like rod knock than anything to do with the timing belt or camshaft.
Dammit Toby.
You are literally worse than Hitler.
It depends how much you drive.
My father does less than 1000 miles/year, he could go for two or three years without changing the oil
Ha ha, wow.
See, if I was making his kind of money...maybe I wouldn't be as worried.
My husband said he will refer to this moment as "the day I killed my fucking car."
What's the shelf life of auto oil?
I would imagine it would oxidize and break down over the course of a year.
Is there a reason you didn't get the oil changed for so long, like you couldn't afford to or were you just negligent?
I'm not trying to make you feel worse, clearly you have accepted the blame and all, I was just curious.
Thread should be entitled "TIFU I bought a Saturn."
Well it still sounds like you are doing very well.
It's probably not your fault, he most likely realized it would be hard to justify giving you 100% out of the gate.
, that was my dad.
He gave me the car when I moved out of state and it's in my name, but he bought it.
On the second day of my honeymoon, the car broke down because we'd gotten contaminated gas and the fuel pump clogged up.
$500 spent on the car on our honeymoon.
one month later, my husband and I were driving and the car just stopped.
Just fucking stopped.
The car stopped because something disconnected; if it hadn't we'd be out another $500 for another fuel pump!
Turns out the contaminated gas had left behind residue and it had been stirred up and had clogged the fuel filter again.
This time we replaced the tank, which ran about $300.
I told my dad, "This is the gift that keeps on giving."
Sounds like there were 365 of those...
I started a job shortly after my last oil change.
For ten months I had a weird schedule, long hours, and a long commute.
I was never off on the weekends, and getting it done before going into work would have required getting up early (when my sleep schedule was already fucked).
I knew I needed an oil change, but I always told myself, "It's an old car.
I can afford to wait a little longer." And on my days off, I either had a bunch of other stuff to do or I just didn't go out.
I know this isn't an excuse, but that's what happened.
Before this particular job, I always took care of my car.
oil changes, tire rotations, etc.
No, it does not.
if synthetic oil.
I changed the oil in my car after 2 years, and 14000 miles.
I was told I am good to go for other 14000 miles, or two years.
It's like if you poured it out of the can, and into another can, then sealed it.
Awww, I'm sad, lol.
Her 18th birthday is in 3 weeks, I'd classify that as "almost".
Jorb...?
I hope it won't cost too much to repair.
Good thing you were replacing the rotor anyways, huh?
TMDFU?
Nice..very nice...you should post this to
I once missed an important mid-term because I had what I could only describe as "The Terror Shits".
The kind where you are holding your stomach and yelling obscenities as if someone is torturing you.
In case anyone was really wondering...
ISS is In School .
Back to the sarcasm and puns!
You can always go buy a $1,000 car that still runs.
At least you (hopefully) learned something from this.
sometimes the best sick calls are the ones where you have to call in twice
it makes you look like your trying really hard to come in and then at the last minute realizing "nope, not gonna make it"
If I didn't learn something from this, I would hope that someone would go ahead and delete me from the gene pool.
buy an engine at the junk yard, have husband learn how to install an engine.
thanks for reminding me I need to change the oil on my car, its been almost a year now.
In this situation, yes, definitely would use.
you just gotta break the rules.
Today My Dad Fucked Up
He does do that.
The teachers have access to and stuff..
But I still don't know why he didn't do the same for reddit.
I'm getting ready to replace my rotors next weekend.
, I watched a how-to first.
Good thing that's all part of the rotor and you can just trash it after putting new ones on.
If you don't respect your job, they're going to give it to someone who does.
, it would be: In 2000 My Dad Fucked Up.
Holy crap.
Just do it now.
You do not want this to happen to you.
An engine is not sealed.
Only the head where combustion happens.
You oil sees the open air.
It also gets very cold and heavy when it's cold (even winter weights) I probably would atleast do an oil change once a year if you do not drive enough for a mileage oil change.
You oil sees the elements so to say, and blow by gases.
While he's pretty knowledgeable about cars and tools and such, I don't have that kind of time.
I have a temporary solution, but I'll need something permanent relatively soon.
"The poopsmith's job is obvious." Haha thankyou for bringing back my wonderful childhood memories.
Today I Lucked Out: I blacked out before having to see a Dave show.
And maybe I'm over zealous, but I'm a huge fan of 3-5k oil changes.
It's horrible.
People who don't follow the minder and do 3-5k intervals have not had any of these problems, it's documented.
Yup saturns.
They're terrible for doing your own work as well.
My school has counter strike, halo, and star craft hidden under certain teachers that never use their network folder.
Engine swaps, if you know what you're doing (or learn quick as fuck) can take less than a weekend.
planning on it soon as I get some money.
been very short on it for awhile now.
Way back when I bought my first car, I went about 17k miles without an oil change because my 16 year old self was too dumb to know it needed to be changed more often than that.
Never had any permanent problems (as far as I can remember) besides the A/C dying.
, a Ford can stand up to neglect like a champ
14,000 miles is a claim made by a few manufacturers...
but the risk vs reward isnt there for me.
I do mine myself every 4-6k on a 1997 camry.
Oil is too cheap to risk losing a car over.
I'm know it's hard to tell from context what he is trying to say, but he is referring to something on the internet you don't know about yet.
Sounds like you gotta jorb with your name on it!
whats your internet connection cost?
Come on an oil change is $50 twice a fricken year and is the #1 thing that keeps your CAR running.
That CAR you need to get to WORK.
Dont fucking skimp on your biggest investment.
How the fuck did you last that long?
My engine died (granted I delivered pizza so I was hard on my car) shortly after 3k miles recently.
I was due for an oil change the next fucking day.
This was Dec 22
Ah, I remember my youth working in fast food.
I worked at a Wendys.
It was simultaneously awful and great.
I have a bunch of great memories from working there, but I don't think I could put up with the shit you need to deal with unless I was really hurting for work.
touche, ill give you that, but keep in mind im using my work internet right now to chat to you.
That really is quite a fuck up but I must ask, how in the fuck did you miss 2 silver screws on a rusty brake disk?
You know,that's a good question.
I could say that it had something to do with the fact that I'd been very good about upkeep until recently.
My husband says it should have died about 10k miles ago...
TIL that a Fords really are like a rock.
I hear that.
Times are hard.
Did I mention that my car is literally worth less that $500?
Do not listen to these people.
If you don't know enough about your car to get oil changes on time, you definitely don't know enough to swap out the engine.
Well in Maine there for everyone.
Well I used my mac for and I was the only one that remembered to DELETE the folder from the trash not just put it in the trash.
do you know what a quarter is?
or any other coin in the u.s.
currency?
I made a huge mistake of a different kind the last time I replaced my rotors.
I finished up then took it out on a test drive for about 20 minutes using my brakes in as many ways as possible.
When I returned I checked them out to make sure all looked good and saw there was some grease/oil on the rotor.
So what do I decide is a good idea?
I wipe it off with my bare hand.
The burns I received will forever keep me from making that mistake again.
So if anyone has a need to get rid of their fingerprints now you know.
Nobody said anything about Gmail.
launched free large-scale webmail in 1996.
It's been more than fifteen years since anyone had any reason to be using their ISP email.
, quarters are the other currency I keep for vending machines.
else goes into a big jar at home.
This falls squarely in the category of first-world problems.
wow, you're an idiot.
It sure felt that way.
I think you just jumped past the guy who spilled nacho cheese on his nether regions.
Make sure you hit those screws with PB blaster and if possible use an impact driver.
Last thing you want is for those screws to get stripped.
Less if you do it yourself, and it's not hard
That jingle was from Chevy truck commercials, you really are not good with any kind of car stuff, huh
Recuva, Look it up, its made by the same people who do .
Its saved me more than once when I've deleted a file permanently by accident.
Even saved my Resume after a windows .
If you weren't hardware fucked, you probably could've cleaned the crap out with some Sea Foam Motor .
( I concede defeat.
I even questioned myself when I posted that and I didn't double check.
I'm very sad.
thats some heavy duty software!
ive downloaded some pretty obscure stuff that ive found on the smaller music subreddits that i could never remember.
Now i feel like im not going to rip someones head off :)
Though this did make me chuckle a little, because you're in good company!
This happens all the time.
My husband once had a Hummer come in to the shop (on a tow-truck) doing the same thing.
The oil had never been changed on the thing, and it was approaching 50,000 miles.
It was owned by a certain pro basketball player, and apparently he didn't know that cars need oil changes.
A certain pro basketball player, you say?
At least.
Also, I have a Saturn Vue, 2003.
:/ Protip: Avoid saturns from now on.
I won't touch a Saturn with a ten foot pole.
Oil changes should be performed no less often than every 6 months.
wrong with this.
I've done this a couple times myself.
Are you really saying six months?
That's crazy.
The oil I use is the synthetic one, made to last 14000 miles, and I will use it for 14000 miles.
I can't afford to spend 120 of oil ever six months, that's even more than I spend of insurance.
You're just being brainwashed by petrol companies that want to sell you more oil.
I'll stick to my car maker's recommendations, thank you.
not even a debit card?
what if something happens like your car gets towed?
do you know how much you have in your checking, savings, and investments, or what your budget is?
it sounds like your wife hands you a $20, pats you on the head, and sends you off to work everyday.
That may be true for synthetics but not a lot of people run synthetics.
Plus, I would much rather spend the money to ensure that everything's kosher with my car.
It's relatively cheap insurance against engine damage, so why not?
It's like buying spark plugs or any other normal maintenance item imo -- it's not that expensive and I would rather spend that money on maintenance than on repairs.
This is hardly a TIFU.
"I thought I didn't have enough money for my sandwich.
I counted my money.
I had enough money for my sandwich."
See the list on the right?
Those are fuck-ups.
on your boyfriend, running your car in to a building, spinning your dick around and pissing on everything, etc.
Not "I freaked out for a second because I didn't bother counting my money before"
rule of thumb is every 3 months OR 3000 miles; whichever comes first.
Though, that does vary from time to time.
My Mazda3 handbook specifies every 3k miles or 6 months.
A quarter?
Those things I put in the laundry machines downstairs, right
Are you all being brainwashed or something?
Is this an thing?
I've never heard anyone say 6 months.
I wish you the best of luck.
I also hope that you've learned your lesson and in the future do not perpetuate the stereotype of women being retarded about cars.
because it died after 21k miles of no oil changes?
I have a 2006 Saturn Ion that purrs like a kitten.
But I change the oil every 6-10k miles so it continues to run wonderfully.
Glad to make your day better.
i do enjoy the "taketh away" part.
I like the way you think.
who in their right mind goes over a year without an oil change?
A lot of women.
It's an thing.
Let's go ahead and unnecessarily make this a blanket insult to an entire nation.
FYI, jackass, I've always taken my car in for oil changes every 3 months.
After he said that I re-read my owner's manual and did my research among other sources, and found it to be true for Mazdas (not all cars).
and by the way, I'm not .
EDIT: Did you NOT just see me advocate the "general rule of thumb" where I said THREE months or 3k miles, btw?
Right, one year, six months, three...
let's keep this thread going, soon someone will tell me he changes the oil every day
Who in their right mind doesn't pay attention to their wife's vehicle?!?
Not that she can't, but I always take care of all the maintenance on my girls vehicle.
It's just part of being a man...
TIFU: a scene in a busy restaurant for no good reason at all.
That seems like fuckup to me.
I admit, I didn't get bodily fluids on anyone and no one was killed or robbed.
You're kind of right.
It isn't a matter of the oil so much as its about the oil filter.
They don't last long at all.
I skip the oil change every other time but I change the oil filter within the allotted time / miles every time.
If you want your car to last, change it.
Don't be a cheapskate.
Think about the poor fuck that has to buy that mistreated car from you one day.
its not that it "felt" like you are an idiot...it's that you are an idiot.
Fuck them, they are assholes anyway.
I would name names, but I honestly can't remember specifically which it was.
My brain doesn't hold anything sports-related for long.
( article.
consented and then freaked the fuck out without any explanation why.
That's not your fault.
Next time though, if it's someone new, give them a safe word as soon as they agree.
Holy shit that's from Back to the Future!
Whoa, whoa, whoa...back it up there, sparky.
This isn't my husband's fault at all.
After we got home from the mechanic's, he sat on the couch and had this weird look.
He said, "I should have checked.
When you said there was a weird noise, I should have checked.
I should have asked you about your oil change." And I told him that this was 100% my fault and that he better not take an ounce of responsibility.
I'm an adult.
I'm responsible.
And because it's my car.
The worst part?
I'm a feminist.
Oh Nooo Lol.
Well, here's to chalking it up to experience, eh?
It really sucks.
Did the car have any warning lights?
I'm curious to know if you were ignoring those or if it just didn't tell you.
, the definition of "normal driving conditions" in the article includes not doing/encountering any of these in a typical week:
Cold weather, less than 10o
heat, more than 90o
humidity
Towing a trailer or hauling heavy materials
short-distance trips of less than five miles
idling or in stop-and-go traffic
I wish they would have mentioned Mazda!
Oh well, regardless I get mine changed every 6 months after having received that advice from the dealer, and reading up on it myself.
Very interesting read though, thanks for sharing!
My check oil light was always finicky to begin with.
It would come on when I had just changed it and would go off randomly.
That's the only warning light I learned to ignore.
Even though I'm a woman, I'm upvoting this.
It's discouragingly true.
I'm grateful that I grew up as a Truck Driver/'s daughter.
My car has been making this weird noise for a couple of weeks, you see, and when I was Auto with my husband yesterday
Ahh.
A woman.
You sound like a young person.
Kids make mistakes, especially when it comes to drinking.
Own up to it, offer to make it up to your friend and forgive yourself.
This is how I faked illness to get out of school.
It's about 2 months since i've been at his house.
(normally every 2nd week).
I've been invited over for a lan-party in some days...
it's gonna be awkward as fuck to meet his parents again.
Though they are pretty cool.
One of my best friends happens to be a lesbian and she's told me that she'd get into all kinds of trouble falling in love with her straight best friends.
But she eventually found someone that was excited to share in her love and love her back and it was a million times better.
If your friend isn't worried then you shouldn't be worried either.
We make mistakes in our youth, we learn and we move on.
If you still feel uncomfortable, ask to talk about it or find someone else to talk about it to.
Some spouses must be corralled this way.
Like the ones who don't count dollar bills as money.
If you see them, just apologize.
Tell them you feel really really bad about what happened 2 months ago and you're still embarrassed to think about it now.
If you feel really shitty you can offer to mow their lawn or something but otherwise just be an adult and apologize and hopefully they're adults enough to accept it and move on.
Back to .
My dad called his parents the next day.
They said it was okay and i shouldn't be embaressed.
I speak to my friend like every day, and he said that i shouldn't be afraid to come over.
I hope you're not using that same hard drive now, because stuff will be written over randomly as you use your computer.
It's still there, just not indexed.
Dexter is that you?
Come on son we talked about this...remember my rules?
There's another story from the next day: I spoke to my friend next day and he said it was ok.
Though i checked his wall.
There was i girl who wrote: "I'm glad you invited me.
I'm sorry that dumbass (refering to me) ruined your great party.
My friend defended me with: "Np.
It wasn't his fault.
My mother just thought the party was going out of control.
Like I said.
Just checked and youre totally right...
looks like i have a long night ahead of me.
At least i can listen to music as i organize my music :D
Yes, but that still does not equate blame on his part.
And me.
But That's because my oil slowly cycles, so I just add a quart every month or so.
Your engine dying likely had nothing to do with the oil that was in it at the time.
So you want others to think of some excuses for you because you honestly don't have any good reason to ditch out on your brother and actually give the new city a try?
You don't know what there is to do?
Well I dunno you live in fucking , maybe go to the beach?
How about the dog/horse track?
How about bowling?
How about going to see some live music?
I dunno I just thought of all of those and I don't even give a shit.
Erm, sorry.
here, are brake rotors what we would call disks or shoes?
Sor...sorry.
Yeah, but in the 52-window-limo this time.
3 months and 3000 miles are both way more often than prudent for most modern auto engines.
Edit: 6 months and 5-10k miles is pretty typical for regular, non-synthetic oil.
This is the shit my nightmares are made of.
didntreadlol.gif
I see your point but I understand his situation.
None of my cars ever had screws holding the rotors on so I wouldn't have thought to loosen them either.
I would have gotten pissed and had someone else do it lol
If you're not yet able to recognize that you sometimes act like an idiot, it's because you haven't found another way to act.
Anyone know how to run Recuva or its equivalent on a networked hard drive ([ My Book Live 2 TB Cloud Drive] (
edit: fun to run
Not over a year, but I've had yearly oil changes in all 3 of my cars.
Never had an engine problem.
I do only do 8,000 miles a year at the very most.
and then...
you asked her out?
one hell of an icebreaker.
'woops, sorry about that.
but hey, i was wondering if you wanted to catch a movie or find other ways to push each other around?' worth a shot, especially if she is cute.
You're not an idiot, everyone has derp moments at some point.
Go play some disc golf!
I completely understand you, and I definitely don't think you're an idiot for not getting your oil changed.
When you're busy with a new job and still adapting to a schedule that is impossible to adapt to, little shit like an oil change just gets swept under the rug.
I got my oil changed a few weeks ago, but last week, I got a call from Citi Client...surprise, I haven't paid my credit card in two months!
It's not that I can't afford it, it's not that I'm lazy, it just got swept up in the chaos.
I feels ya, brah.
I will talk your advice.
Not to add fuel to the fire, but the other week my wife and I had to make a 4 hour round-trip and on the way back I put gas in the car (1999 Subaru ) and checked the oil.
The oil was just about completely empty.
I don't normally drive this car...it's my wife's for kid delivery and grocery runs.
My wife's response to having no oil?
"I thought you'd check it!"
So, I told her...every fill-up check it.
I have no faith in her doing so, but if she checks every third, I'll be moderately happy.
Yep, this has worked fine for me in the past.
It sounds like you are home sick man.
If you work in a restaurant I can pretty much guarantee that you will be able to find weed after giving people a chance and getting to know them.
I understand it is a pretty serious crime in most parts of america.
But if you want an excuse tell him you dont feel like you fit in, however it doesnt really seem like you are giving the place a fair chance.
It takes time to meet people and it is different at first but if you are like me you just need to warm up to your surroundings.
But, it's kinda common sense to undo all nuts and screws that are on what you're trying to take off.
Even if you don't do it at first and you fail a few times you've still got to think "hmmm maybe these 2 screws right here on what I'm trying to take off might be holding it on."
The rotors rotate with the wheel and the discs clamp down on the rotors.
Sounds like you've been fucking up for a lot longer than just today.
You receive zero pity points.
Well, unless it was in a public restroom...that's normal, welcome to manhood.
Why would you want to wash small pieces of metal?
Just buy another shitty car and run it to hell for another year and then buy another shitty car and do the same, you will find your quality of life exceptionally better.
So technically you fucked yourself in the ear, interesting...
Well, it seems like that ended better than you think, just carry on as normal, it'll be a drunken story eventually.
I did the same thing with a 1995 Ford Taurus.
I drove about 1500-2500 miles a month, didn't change the oil for about 11 months until my dad asked me about it one day.
I just didn't realize.
Ran fine until I totaled it.
Got to agree with this, you'd better be prepared to suck a lot of dick to make up for that one...
didn't knew didn't know
didn't makes past, knew makes past.
them doesn't make double past :-P
Never go full retard.
At least there's a chance it might end his... problem with abbreviations.
not or
Uh no.
Rotors and discs are the exact same.
Pads are what clamp down.
I guess you might be calling pads shoes although that is generally more common in drum brakes.
Had you taken a shit on the floor and then been caught masturbating in your car before you left, you'd be all set.
UNBOLT THOSE 2 SCREWS WITH AN IMPACT SCREW DRIVER.
the ones with the yellow lines over them.
Yup your quite correct, I was referring to disk/ drum brakes respectively.
My mistake.
Ok thanks for that.
I was more than a little confused by the first comment I have to admit :)
Put simply, shoes on drum brakes push out.
Pads on disks squeeze in.
not thinking clearly.
thanks for correcting me.
a gentlemanly mechanic with a rough face and sympathetic eyes told me that the timing belt was about to snap off and the cam shaft was totally warped.
Is this joking "mechanic talk mumbo jumbo" or what he actually said?
Cause 'er.
It kinda sounds like he was trying to sell you a new flux capacitor.
Though, yes I'm sure running the car without oil (said you were 3 quarts short) would have done terrible things to it.
Oil changes are kind of important, oil actually being in the car is super important.
You must be white!!
Man you're never gonna live that shit down.
TYFU, most definitely.
At least you got to learn a lesson, and no one got physically injured by anything, right?
So, um...
I'm halfway there...
hit 10k last night.
it done tomorrow.
but if something else is wrong with your car, regular oil changes could be what you need to have a mechanic actual see it.
That's why maintainers suggest every 3-6 months.
That way people that don't pay attention to their cars don't go too long not noticing things like tire treads, other fluid leaks, etc.
Ehh id say give it more than a month.
Sounds like you just havent put any effort into meeting people and finding things to do.
If all you do is sit on your machine/inside all day, any place will suck.
Maybe explain to your brother your feelings, and give him a 2 month notice.
Stay another 2 months to give shit a try and if it sucks then, move.
"Sorry about yesterday.
I woke up feeling like shit and thought I could make it in.
30 minutes later and serious trip to the bathroom I realized that wasnt going to happen"
Boom problem solved.
Throw in how you started puking and generally the other person will end the conversation for you.
I actually work with a few guys that have given that answer when i ask them things about money.
Yes, they have debit/credit cards on hand, but they literally have like no idea about how much money they have in the bank, or how much the bills cost every month.
And living in (
But anyone can be smart on the , they just have to call other people an idiot for no real reason to make themselves feel better.
It's one thing to not know how much you have in the bank; it's another to not know money is money.
So you sure the dude that returned it wasnt the dude that took it?
My first car was a 1991 Saturn twin cam.
I loved that little car, and I never changed the oil, either.
BUT something that most Saturn owners (usually) learn fairly quickly is that these cars pretty much eat oil.
So by constantly adding a quart here and there, and changing the filter occasionally, I was able to drive the car until the door fell off.
Yes, I don't have any classes with him.
The funny thing is, my wife's actually worse with money than I am.
(She's one of those people who assumes there's still money so long as credit cards aren't maxed out yet.
If she has cash in her pocket, it's free money, no matter whats' going to happen to the budget.)
I just had a brain-fart because I was so used to paying for lunch with a single bill and saving my small bills for vending machines.
I'd call this a fuck up.
That's how you lose your job.
You were in a Subway.
This is not a today I fucked up, more like a thirteen year old's dumb status update.
The problem is I don't have any form of transportation.
I just got a bike, but it needs work.
The places I want to go are too far out of the way to ride a bike though, like the springs, caverns, and beaches.
I think the 2 month notice is good though.
I'll do that.
I'll give it an extra month, and if by the beginning of August things aren't working still I'll see if I can find an out then.
I already know my brother's good friend who smokes a lot of pot but since I already told my brother that I'm considering enlisting then I shouldn't smoke.
I don't want to enlist but that beats working in food service for 5 years or more.
He's working on his masters right now and the only job he could find is part time at Edible .
To be honest I almost never check my oil.
, I don't really need to, and I also get regular oil changes.
We've got a badass over here.
squish squish
EDIT: How do you do 's without it being bold or italics?
There are cleaners in the oil that break down after about 3 months in natural oils.
The oil itself is also perishible.
You're probably okay with 8000mi and one year if you use a synthetic.
Why not just buy a used car?
I know you can get a car for $1500 - 2000.
I left my old home because my brother asked me to, because it would be a good idea for my little brother to be here.
My little brother and I lived with my grandparents and my uncle, and they're all old and constantly tired.
If something happens to them then it would be difficult to make arrangements on any kind of short notice.
If my little brother doesn't stay on his own accord though I don't have a reason to stay regardless of if I find friends here or not other than to keep the obligation I made.
I'm going to bring it up to my friend still living there that if I do move back that we should be room mates and keep the cost of rent down.
As for the things to do, the beach is over an hour and a half away.
I have There are a couple of decent parks, but none of them are as beautiful and peaceful as the surroundings of where I lived before.
They're all centered around lakes when I lived on a lake before.
There's a place called the Rez, which has stuff like kayaks to rent but while I do enjoy going out on the water, I don't enjoy it with a lot of other people around.
I had my own john boat to go out on my lake at home without anyone around.
It seems like everything positive here is just out of my reach and that none of it is attainable for the time being.
ohgodwhy.jpg
on volume and solidity, you can feel it during vaginal intercourse.
The physical distance between the vaginal passage and the rectum isn't very big.
Yup, swedish.
A simple word replacement turns this even more hilarious.
I think you put an extra o in...ah.
try Google Music
incredibly sexist.
Period sex isn't anything to be ashamed of.
The estimate for getting it fixed is pretty reasonable, and since I make minimum wage plus tips I offered to help pay for it as a measure of personal responsibility.
is there for a reason.
I work as a waitress
Woman eh?
Not as bad as this one though:
I'm guessing you can escape them with a backslash, i.e.
EDIT: confirmed
I've done that shit before.
Hard to believe but life does get better, return to normal even.
A lot of other people have probably lost $500 from a constant in-and-out motion.
They probably had more fun than you, though.
What if OP is a dude?
I tried that but with the other slash.
Dammit I've even a programmer/IT person, should have known/tried it.
But the dirt never gets taken out of the cycle.
It took me an unconscionably long amount of time to realise that you hadn't named those two users as outstanding examples of intelligence rather than as examples of assholes.
It happens, but not to or
What's the fucking point of having intelligence if I can't gloat about it online in front of strangers by putting others down?
, almost happened again.
I think I should go to bed.
It would help if you linked what you were talking about.
Nor does the filter get cleared...
I did the front brakes on my 96 accord.
They're a bitch to do.
Unless you've done them before, it's hard to understand how they work.
the hub is machine pressed to the a arm to hold down the rotor.
Pain in the ass.
I'd love to see your face when you accidentally pull out adjustment screws like that...
As a mechanic, I'm shaking my head at you immensely.
Partly for the Saturn, partly for the oil change.
strike from space.
It's the only way to be sure.
Your picture link doesn't work.
Have you never recieved change?
and I need it for vending machines or tips.
What's there for everyone?
Meh, I had no reason not to use them.
I had hotmail, but when trying to get a job, an actual ISP email address used to be preferable than hotmail or Yahoo.
Times have changed, but 12 years ago no wanted to see muffdiver69.com on a resume.
I can see why your wife wears the pants in your house.
Might be worth actually 'fessing up' to the school / IT department, say "Ugh, one of my friends was over and i caught him browsing pr0n on the laptop.
What should I do?"
An old cehvy cavalier I used to have (from 1990) stopped getting it's oil changed in 2002.
It's ran the same from 2002 up til the day it got sold in 2012...
So, erm, get a chevy if your going to forget to change the oil?
Been there, done that, rectified it.
Next time, add salt.
the real tifu is you regularly eat at a fast food joint
Just be really casual.
Be like "Hey, you two, I feel really bad about last time...
I'd really like to make it up to you.
If you ever need help weeding or painting or something, call me and embarrass me into helping."
I handle everything as casually as possible.
Though, I am about to post my own TIFU
THE LAP-TOPS LOOK AT THE COMMENT ABOVE MINE.
They flip it on you by saying "You shouldn't have let him go near it." That's why I'd rather not have the laptops.
Oh man..that's rough.
My stereo broke, I need my breakbeat fix somehow.
No, this guy should know how to handle his own finances.
He's an idiot.
My mechanic said that there was no oil.
Not low, NONE.
That's what's referred to as a bought lesson.
Sorry about that.
[Here is the website talking about the host, and what he'll be talking about.] (
Me as well, at least she understands the little metal parts rubbing together causes immense damage.
I seen 14L MF14 toss a piston rod and 1700 rpm on the highway it makes a hell of a mess lol.
but its funny to see the results
The sexism exists partly because there are so many examples of it being the truth.
Go get it changed and flushed ASAP.
Your strategy may last a bit longer than the op's, but not much.
Ahaha.
Just make sure you aren't around for the shrapnel if it makes it's way out the block.
I watched an EM1 civic with a B16 blow a headgasket on the highway when he tried to race a fox-body from a 30 roll.
As soon as he hit the gas, blam, smoke show.
Felt bad for the guy but my god it was lol.
Where do you live where women handle your every expense?
so how often do you go to vending machines?
Well those screws aren't on all rotors, most in fact do not have them.
I have changed brakes on my other cars multiple times which do not have the screws and didn't even think anything of them this go around (at least until after I busted them up).
I might have noticed them but figured they were just screws covering extra leverage points (like the ones I used to bust up the rotor) in case the exposed ones rusted up bad.
[, you just earned yourself a link to :3](
thing I've had to this is my heads cracking...
But to make a long story short, that was due to the blades on the water pump impeller completely corroding away thanks to the car's previous owner.
This weekend?
the radiator and belt.
The engine in my car is worth more than the blue book value on it, just in the lightly-used parts alone.
On the other hand, I highly recommend every user have (
It'll give you reminders about upcoming services you need to do, and can track gas prices/cost, mileage, etc..
Very nifty.
PB blaster and impact driver got it done and I still almost stripped those screws on the other rotor.
disks
You are right lol glad I missed that.
I meant your previous post.
Ooooh!
Sweet app!
I apologize for my car.
It wasn't my choice.
Oh, that's the plan!
It's just a matter of finding a good one in my area...
I wish!
I live in North ...in the mountains...and I commute 30 minutes to work.
Oh I wasn't in the truck or near it when that happened I just seen the shredded and utterly destroyed remains of that engine.
No, he was actually really nice.
I seriously think he was legitimately sorry that he had to tell me the bad news, me being a pretty girl and all, lol.
And he didn't try to sell me anything.
The military may not be a good idea if you have back pain.
Do you know if you would pass the physical exam?
I'm sorry but it just sounds like you haven't tried anything.
And are just making lame excuses to justify laziness.
a regular job is part of being an adult.
You have to do it.
Making friends and going out of your comfort zone is part of being an adult.
You have to do it.
If you aren't happy with your lot, you change it.
Also part of being an adult.
Only options are fast-food and military?
Learn a trade.
Using weed for depression and a back pain?
Did you ever think that you might be depressed because you aren't happy with your life but are too lazy to do anything about it?
How did you injure your back so bad at what I assume is a young age?
If you have a 14 year old brother and can only get fast-food jobs, you aren't in your 50s.
Parts of your post makes no sense at ALL.
On your brother
We dont connect on anything.
But at the start you said
My brother keeps asking me what I want to do on his days off but I don't know what there is around here so I ask him to suggest things, but all of his suggestions suck
How the hell can you rationalize reconciling the two?
I'm sorry but, damn, you wont fucking amount to much if you victimize yourself and act this lazy during your early adulthood.
These are important years and you should be grasping them by the balls, not whining like a child.
NOW.
You should know that feeling homesick after a big move is natural.
The answer, however, is not to regress but to stick with it.
Who knows, city living may not be for you.
But you should at least give it a try.
/end rant/
tl;dr I feel as if you are lazy and giving yourself easy excuses.
You are becoming an adult and life isnt all candy and sunshine.
Try it, you will be better for it.
Source: Come from a hick town, now live in big cities since getting through grad school.
Used to be lazy, am not anymore.
In fact, I think I was very similar to you a few years ago.
Please listen to the others that replied to your comment, or else you can end up like OP (maybe not as bad, but still bad).
Again, my apologies.
( That really makes me feel slightly better.
It's good to feel understood.
I know how that is.
It sucks big time.
, driving a 500 dollar shitrocket made me not a only a better driver, but a much better mechanic.
Oh thank god.
I had a friend of mine get a half inch piece of metal stuck in his arm from a rod blowing through a 350.
Left a pretty nice scar and gave him a decent "war story" to tell.
Well OP, at least you learned a valuable lesson about car care.
If I didn't take care of my sister's car for her, I think it would a matter of time before the same thing would happen to her :/.
I once had been called up by her to "fix" her car while she was at work.
When I got there I found out very quickly that she ran out of fuel and didn't realize it.
TT
How'd you find a picture of my old car?!
no shit LOL
I think they're just trying to make the situation worse.
, obviously, and Police/impound auctions.
How do you change the filter wothout draining the oil?
My filter is a low point, I'd lose about a 3rd or so of my oil.
I can't afford to spend 120 of oil ever six months, that's even more than I spend of insurance.
Are you shitting me?
I can change my oil for about $25
The head's only sealed while the valves are closed.
It's more open than many people think.
hope he washed his pubes too,..
What model saturn do you have?
I may be wrong but a lot of 4cyl saturns have timing chains instead of belts.
I'm also wondering how he knew the shaft was warp unless he took your engine apart.
It sounds like rod knock to me.
It'll deposit the mother of all varnishes if it sits that long, and the oil will break down.
modern multi-vis oil, full of modifiers and additives and detergents.
He is the vending machine
If it makes you feel better,
my dad has a car that's around 18 years old in which he has never changed the belts on it.
Now its pretty much a race between the belts and the transmission going out :P
It's half that if you do it yourself, and it's not hard.
especially if you don't mind oil on the driveway.
look up the capacity of your oil system.
find a pan that is at least that large.
go to your local auto parts store.
they nearly always have "Oil change specials" on sale.
includes filter, and usually enough oil.
Look up your filter in the hand book they have there.
buy a filter wrench, and a socket and ratchet of the proper size.
go home.
jack up car (unless you can fit under it).
PLEASE PLEASE PUT IT ON STANDS, AND BLOCK THE WHEELS THAT ARE ON THE GROUND.
DON'T DIE.
put pan under drain plug.
remove drain plug, and remove oil filler cap.
remove filter, once the oil has drained.
new filter
replace drain plug, be sure it's tight.
fill with oil.
Have a beer.
...and now you know why your wife handles the money.
Both the things described can absolutely happen, especially if the car was as behind on all general maintenance as i'm assuming it was, based on the oil change interval.
Isn't that what the firewalls are for?
How did that happen?
Where do ghosts come into this?
IDK where you live ,but perhaps you can use public transportation for awhile.
Hahaha, I think that's hilarious.
I don't think the guy got mad at you.
I see white people and I stare too because I think they're pale as fuck.
As a , 1+2 dollar coins (I'm ) is how I live
My friend had a truck that he knew was going to be repossessed.
He would hide it all around town and frankly I think he enjoyed his game of cat and mouse with the repo man.
He would pat it on the bed and say things like, "Yep, she's still got the original oil."
I think he was at around 38,ooo miles when they finally took it away.
Ask around were you live work.
Oil change shop I work for is so hard up for business that we offer a free pick up delivery service (in our town).
I am in awe with how pale my girlfriend is.
She often catches me staring in disbelief.
How would we know?
I'm a 21 year old Brit, and we don't even use that term.
Reddit is global.
I used to not have to jack it up, had a 4x4 Tacoma.
I am not small, but I am lazy.
Thanks for the cheater pipe tip.
Didn't think of it, it's a given in our garage.
Your first mistake was thinking you had the time for cereal and milk in a morning rush.
One time I was so tired in the morning, I poured orange juice in a bowl of cereal and milk in a cup meant for orange juice.
I didn't even realize it until the first spoonful.
There's some way to change an option and fix this, don't despair.
You should google it and put forth a tiny bit of effort to redeem your investment :P
Oh god, I have no idea how I would recover from losing my like 80ish gigs of music.
Who dispenses money and ...dollar bills.
your boyfriend-
best fuck up i've read today.
it made me laugh
debt isn't something to be apathetic about...
No she doesn't.
His coworkers laughed because they probably make fun of how dark he is, even if they're black.
If they're not black, it's OK because they have a black friend.
your palm has no eyes
See, now you just trolling me.
Pale girl.
That's my wife you're talking about!
I wish I had your life to where I could forget that $1 bills are money =(
I have never caught you staring at me due to my paleness.
Ha, now I feel bad for rubbing it in.
Your Saturn is in heaven now, lesson learned, and at least you have what sounds like a cool husband, so there you go.
Ive told I a guy he was so dark he was crossing into purple...
This string of comments has made me laugh more than what i've read in the past 20 minuets on TIFU.
for all.
I've been trying to do me better lately
Buy yourself a nice dinner and a few drinks before fapping.
A black ladyfriend of mine had another black woman come up and tell her she was the blackest person she's ever seen.
That's impressive.
I hope to have a good job like that one day...
Just forget what money is ..
the dream.
had a car come in with a timing chain where i work that was the same situation...
whats worse is that the chain itself is like 800$ plus like 12 hours of labor, not including both camshafts needed to be replaced i believe...totaling like $3500 worth of work
but the funniest part is that he was driving around for 16000 miles with the "maintenance required" light on and didn't think "hmm, maybe i should pay $20 for an oil change"
Tl;dr: as a mechanic you can pay us a little now, or ALOT later...also an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of the cure
Well, one and three maybe.
is up for debate.
I kid, of course.
I kid.
I wish you the best of luck, and hey.
You might be able to be a bit happy knowing that this reminded me that i'm likely due for an oil change.
i work on hondas and good luck getting those screws off without an impact driver (basically a spring loaded screwdriver you hit with a hammer) and a ton of WD-40
Hell is pretty damn cold.
be like, "only 100% efficient?
man, that's not good for my flat rate time"
(flat rate is where you get paid by the job, not by the hour..
$1000 dollars every engineering thing you engineer)
I thought that might be the case, though I didn't remember it was encrypted.
If it wasn't encrypted, there are recovery programs that work with pretty much any filesystem, but I would imagine the encryption would cause pretty useless results.
Ha, girlfriend.
Good one.
, I've spent more in the last few months at this job than I've spent in the last 10 years myself.
It's absolutely terrifying.
One of the first things I basically made as a goal when working there was looking for ways to cut costs on stuff.
Even if it meant personally designing components or buying used components rather than buying new ones.
cutting costs is almost always a good idea, makes the company more profitable and makes you look more valuable.
happy boss makes a happy employee
Sounds like a post from the 1%:
"Hey guys, I forgot $1 bills are money!"
(haughty chuckle)
Wouldn't that be "mocha"?
No, it's a ( Has nothing to do with chocolate.
As a pasty white teenager I can assure you, you did nothing wrong.
At least you didn't compare his skin colour to a time of night.
Haha true.
Touche sir.
on my part :-)
On a semi-related, today I'm eating pretzels and I've got a bunch in one hand and eating with the other.
A consultant walks in...a big black guy.
I shake his hand, then wipe my hand on my jeans.
It probably looked really bad, but I had salt from the pretzels stuck between my fingers.
I don't know if Dash is the best. I think that they each have their own merits.
All the ponies are best pony.
That escalated quickly.
your logic is flawless
YOU RACIST FUCK
Ooh ok, TIL.
you should have told him to switch sunscreen too while you were at it LOL
but seriously this is one of the funniest things I have heard all day, much love and have an upvote
Haha when I was a child my parents carried me inside to and apparently a man with a huge nose caught my attention.
My parents told me that I pointed to his nose way in his personal space, my finger was probably 3 or 4 inches away from his nose and I said, "Mommy, look at that big nose!"
You've tainted your orange juice cup forever!
your palm has no eyes
durrr wut
Fuck it, P A S T C E P T I O N
Take the drive out of the enclosure.
Get a room you hippies!
You were just late to the party.
.com isn't so bad.
Then again, a personal domain plus the free Google Apps is better than both.
, now you know what it feels like to have Crohn's disease.
Well, I hope for your sake you never get divorced.
I think calafragilistic is against the fellow's username (mahhnigga).
, I believe it comes out: Okay, if you did something really cool, how would you feel if a super white guy responded, "Mah nigga!" That's how I feel reading your name.
At least, that's the only way I can see it might make sense.
I have a friend we call special dark.
Cause he's flat black.
The other black guys call him Dr.
Plum.
Right at "roomful of silent applicants" I knew it was Vector or a shitty door-to-door operation.
I actually made money selling CutCo, just not nearly enough for the time/emotional investment.
Does that mean you draw them often?
I usually put random stuff if any at all.
Most of the time I just squirt people.
Even did it to a teacher's bum.
Did that once..
Very good idea it was.
I know a guy like that.
from Africa about five years ago and so black that he sucks the light outta the air.
Nicest guy I've ever met and we'll be out places and he'll say shit like "funkymunniez...ders a black man over there.
" nibiru, you're black...wtf "black people scare me man" and then I laugh
You can't return the computer?
White people are awkward.
Strong username to post ratio.
ILY.
Dude, post your laptop specifications, I'll try to help you out!
I unintentionally stare at people with super dark skin.
Mostly because im really intrigued because I'm see through and they have such pretty deep colored skin.
But I always feel like they just think im staring because im racist.
Its the graphics card I fooled around with it a bit and got it to run but it doesn't run very well.
in it is fine except the Mobile Intel 4 Series Family which is really the only thing I can't change.
No unfortunately I can not.
, after a bit of googling around I found this solution, which is probably what you did:
Also, as the article states, lowering your resolution will really help boost game performance!
The only other thing I can recommend is if there is any way you can return your laptop and use the money to build budget gaming rig instead, that would be great.
If you are in the USA, I've seen some 300-500$ custom built rigs (they are not terribly difficult to build at all, even for a beginner) that run diablo 3 decently.
I've changed my oil at 15 months once.
Only 5k miles and I run Mobil 1 though.
Yeah, nothing more socially awesome than cumming in your pants over a comment about a children's show on Reddit.
Your meme sucks and you suck.
Over here I've never come across a disk braking system that doesn't have them from a Rover 25 to a BMW M5 they all have them.
How much did you have?
is a great place to start.
I saw a $300 gaming build the other day.
Also, for laptops discrete graphics are the way to go.
I have a lenovo Y470 that plays games decently, but I have to lower settings if i connect to my 1080p monitor.
No puddles.
I drove A LOT.
I was a pizza delivery driver.
I went through oil changes like once a month.
Super...white guy?
You're not a mechanic.
Yeah, nothing more socially awesome than being a total dick over a comment about a children's show on Reddit.
Your attitude sucks and you suck.
I don't remember posting my comment on a meme and try to force it.
Next time I try to tout my actions as socially awesome I'll give you a call so you can come in and slap me down when it actually makes sense.
Feel free to call the rest of your MLP friends in to harass me too, doesn't mean is any less stupid for posting that image macro.
Get over yourself, wanna-be white knight.
(Pst, commenting on peoples usernames is tired and incredibly irrelevant 99% of the time.)
Well, sorry.
Now you know.
I also know reddit is global.
I have a friend in Canada.
a million upvotes on this day!
Where is "over here" ?
Eh I once did a "gee why don't I keep digging my hole even deeper" in a conversation with a black school acquaintance who had a summer job doing field work on a farm.
I very much deserved the look of disapproval I got.
I've fried a laptop before doing it this way.
you're just fucked no matter which you choose.
Aye.
As an artistic person I stare at people all the time...
I'm intrigued by different skin colors, body types, hairstyles, attire, people with interesting mannerisms.
I sometimes will just smile and say I like someone's hair or something if they give me a look.
I'm sure he got a kick out of it and just thought you were awkward, don't stress it.
Nigga you crazy!
About 40 gigs
Asian people are awkward.
Wow, thanks for downvoting my shitty car asshole.
Are you talking about or or something else?
Maybe perhaps?
has been requested.
I did something like this once, several years ago.
A black girl was talking about some friends she had from Haiti.
I said, "Aren't people from Haiti, like, REALLY dark-skinned?"
She was sort of offended by that.
Seems kind of hypocritical to me, since it's pretty common for people to openly discuss (or even mock) how WHITE a white person's skin.
Not that I care, I'm not offended in the slightest.
if you're friends with them, sometimes they let you push down on their skin and lift up to see a disappearing impression.
That shit is pretty funny.
Maybe you're right, I am lazy.
I also left out a few more things about this situation.
I partially came to this city to go to college.
I made this decision rather quickly without much thought or planning.
Only after getting here did I realize that out of state tuition is so expensive.
So I would have to wait a year.
That would be fine, but I still don't have a way to pay for IN state tuition here.
In my last state I would have had it all covered by in state scholarships.
The scholarships in that would pay for tuition are only for students who graduated from a high school.
I have asked some others if it would be a good idea after explaining some of my feelings about the military and they have told me that I should not join.
I would rather take a dishonorable discharge than fire my weapon at another person.
So if I wanted to go to trade school I couldn't afford it without taking out more loans than I should have to.
If I moved back I would go to a school to get certified as an EMT and would have it paid for by my scholarships.
I also came here under the assumption that it would be me and both of my brothers living together.
Since making the post I've decided not to try and negatively influence my younger brother's visit and let him decide on his own if he wants to stay or not.
If he doesn't though, I feel like it would be a disservice to him if I let him go back home without me.
I worry about the kinds of influences he would have without me around.
I'm not saying that it is bad to be a republican or to be a but if I'm not there that's all he is going to hear is just those sides of things.
He also seems to really want to try his hand at hunting and there isn't anywhere to do that in .
There are plenty of places to go near the old house though.
And there are no other kids in the neighborhood so whenever he wants to go outside to do something and can't go to a friend's house, he wouldn't have anyone to do anything with.
He plays football, so he wouldn't be able to practice anything at home if he wanted to.
As for my older brother, yeah we don't connect on much.
I guess I can't blame him for not giving me any good suggestions.
I'm sure that once my younger brother gets here, he will be more available for that week to show the both of us around the city.
But what about if my younger brother decides to stay?
He is taking time off work for this week to have more time to make a good impression of the city.
If he moved here though he wouldn't have all that time.
My younger brother would come here expecting every day to be like how it is during that week, when my older brother will be back at work and busy much more.
I asked my older brother yesterday what we would do if my younger brother chose not to move here and he has not made any kind of real plans.
He hesitated at first and then said that he doesn't like to think like that, that we should be more focused on making sure he doesn't choose to go back home.
He said that if he chose not to move here then he would have to work another job and I would too more than likely if by that time I haven't already started the enlistment process.
He talks with certainty as if I'm absolutely positive that I'm going to enlist.
I have to make all of this known to him soon before we're in too deep and I can't back out.
Thank you, I do the exact same thing.
My friends just think I'm creepy :(
I might have got it wrong then, could have been part synthetic oil it used.
Some people are not meant to tailgate
Well, you can stare at me, I am one of those pale as fuck people.
They won't even let me near the doors to the tanning bed room at my gym (And I mean that seriously).
I do this with everyone because I don't like touching people.
I never even thought about this.
You know the "Oh god why" guy?
That's me.
My areq has a lot of in the urban areas, but I am super rural.
My school had one Puerto Rican kid for a few months and we thought that was really something.
Add my being curious and awkward...
Bad mix.
I think my brain decided that if I couldn't get out of the pit, I should keep going until no one can see me anymore.
I am pale as fuck, I can confirm this.
That wasn't bad.
black person could have said something like that to them.
Black people are very aware of skin tones he probably took it as a compliment.
I see.
I was thinking it was a PC.
I typically recommend for FAT and NTFS v4.0.0.1 .
Oh, no, it was brilliant :-) As a , how could you pass up an opportunity like that?
And yes, my husband rocks three kinds of awesome.
That's interesting...I'll keep this in mind when I get my new car, lol.
That sounds a little like a friend of mine.
He has this truck that isn't street legal because it can't pass inspection for some asinine reason.
He keeps moving it from one place to another, and finally it's sitting at the bottom of the hill near his house.
The good news is that he finally sold it!
I'm a year out of grad school and am repaying student loans.
You do not want this pain.
I live in an area where public transportation wouldn't help me.
It's used mostly within the certain city limits, and I don't think there's a way to use public transit to go to work.
I live in a semi-remote area.
I would start taking bets.
It's a 4-cylinder.
And he didn't need to look into the engine too much to see the damage.
I'll admit I don't know about the camshaft, but I have a hard time imagining it becoming warped..
how would that even work?
Its supported at regular intervals by the bearings.
What quick/visual/auditory test would reveal a warped camshaft due to oil starvation?
...until you end up in China, and then you can start digging all over again.
9 dollars?
Do you use canola oil straight from the frier?
Your car insurance should cover that, just sayin...
Is there no way you could borrow a friend's car or bum rides to work?
"carpool" except it's never your turn to drive?
"DIGGING?
Is this what my life has become?"
I work at an electronics store and we have a 30 day return policy.
Didn't yours?
Wow, and I thought I was detached from reality.
I go about a year between changes regularly, 2000 ranger hasn't said a thing about it yet (and still runs damn well, 12 changes in)
Cute, I bet you think gas is 4$ a gallon over there too.
Simple solution: Keep an eye on your oil
there isn't really the infrastructure in a modern city for a full on flogging
untrue.
All you need is a flogging post, which could be incorporated into one's frame bed...
or so I have heard.
Yeah, totally.
One of the men was so black...
"HOW BLACK WAS HE!?"
He was almost blue.
It really was cool.
I am just not good at communication.
My husband is a high school teacher, so he doesn't really need his car that much in the summer.
His parents are out of town visiting family for about three weeks, and his mom told him to use her car if he needed to.
So we're okay for awhile.
lmfao dying right now
you should offer a conciliatory blowjob while the wife watches/critiques/instructs on technique.
If she's really a Gamer's Wife, she'll understand.
It's the only way to be sure.
dangles...
"I have no idea what he is talking about."
Film this.
For verification.
Or SCIENCE...
Or something like that.
Well that's good.
I hope you're able to find a more permanent solution soon enough.
I always found it sucks to be reliant on other people.
alternatively, they laughed because it was funny
cccrrreeepppyyy
I...what?
This answer makes no sense.
Well, if it's in ..
there are a lot of politics/history when it comes to the amount of tone.
Easier said then done unfortunately.
It amazes me people buy these 2000 dollar beasts and don't know how to simply check the life blood.
I smell an awkward penguin meme somewhere around here
Dude, I wouldn't care, this is one of the funniest things I've read all day.
Check out , and you will stop giving a fuck about this sort of thing.
I can sum up the best parts for you: if it doesn't affect you or your loved ones in a serious way, fuck it.
Just say fuck it, and all your guilt and worries go away.
Anyway, she was driving home the day before and overshot a turn out of a parking lot and ended up running her little sedan onto the median in the intersection.
Not thinking anything of it, she continued to drive home, despite the fact that both her check engine and low oil pressure lights had come on.
Bear in mind, this was rural pennsylvania, and the rode she takes to get home has several mechanic shops.
They will work on anything from a lawn mower to a normal car to a tractor.
Does she stop at any of them to get her car looked at?
Did she stop to see if there was any damage after running aground on the median?
She continued to drive, even though her engine was getting louder and louder.
It was worse than a screaming child on an airplane, a cat in heat and nails down a chalkboard combined" and the car came to a dead stop.
Turns out she had lost all of the oil because she (iirc) tore off the oil filter when she backed off the median.
When she got it towed to the mechanic first thing that morning, he told her she would have been fine if she had just pulled into the nearest parking lot and had it towed in.
Since she drove it the 15 or 20 miles home, it killed the engine, totalling her 2ish year old car.
I've never seen a class laugh so hard at a teacher in my life.
I might have felt bad for her if she wasn't such a bitch to me, but I figured it was karma being a bitch right back.
The cherry on top: she said that she didn't think there was a problem when the check engine and the oil pressure light came on or that the engine was making terrible noises.
I laugh at you people who buy $500 laptops with no video capabilities and expect them to play high resolution video games.
People don't build $1000 gaming rigs because they want to look cool.
cool story bro
What better advertisment could a company have, than girls flashing up on customers.
Sweet sweet lemonade.
Has happened to me many times over at my friends place.
One time me and my friend were at a party and I was so drunk I couldn't stand up straight.
Long story short, I cut my hands badly and passed out in my own vomit in the room I was staying in with bleeding hands.
The next morning his mom woke me up and handed me a washcloth for my hands and told me there were cleaning products in the bathroom.
Later that day they just laughed at me for being so drunk.
Love his parents, too cool.
lizards = porn?
Not really, awkward people are awkward.
Not really, penguins are awkward.
Mmmm, sweet.
Yeah, sweet.
Turns out she had lost all of the oil
That just made my day :-) But wow.
I mean, just, wow.
She didn't even get out of her car to make sure it was okay???
That'd be the first thing I'd do!
Did it not occur to you to use a Q-tip?
Hahaha mahh nigga!
teeming cauldron of liquid browntown
This is my first time looking at TIFU, but I'm pretty sure the point of it isn't to heckle people that already know they fucked up.
My $1000 laptop couldn't run it either.
It is a very demanding game.
To the OP, I bought it without checking specs too and I was very disheartened to find out Diablo 3's requirements take a huge dump on my graphics card and chipset.
UK aswell here, on the cooking instructions for microwaveable food, there will only be times for microwaves up to 850 watts.
Haha I meant that they were sore for about an hour.
Very sore, to answer the question properly.
So much this.
He probably didn't take it as a compliment iwaspolygon.
As groupercheeks pointed out tone has been a divisive issue for - historically.
Old-timers speak about the "paper bag" test.
If your skin was darker than a paper bag you were considered less attractive.
than the bag and you had the good skin.
you got to types of "white" skincolours and one is yellow and the other one is pink you can see it sort-off in your palms
I am the meme.
To sum it all up.
It was her period!
Period!
TOO MUCH PERIOD!!
The word has lost its meaning!
won't be able to get to work real good without a car
I was just thinking, it would have been MUCH worse if I didn't warn her about swinging by and actually buying flowers.
are also a standard gift when someone is hospitalized (albeit men don't buy men flowers is a pretty ubiquitous convention in the US).
The color and type of flower is important as well.
Yellow is an indication of friendship, red is an indication of romantic intent.
Roses are generally considered romantic while daisies and lilies are friendly.
Don't beat yourself up.
You got confused over the whole flowers for the infirmed thing.
are that even though she interpreted the intent as romantic that she was still flattered by it.
Stay calm and carry on.
You'll be fine.
i got a dell latitude e640 and it runs great.
my comp gets kinda hot, but if i prop it up and set the fan to max speed, it's NBD.
lizard porn
It is very hard these days to judge an appropriate gesture of good will to someone of the opposite gender, without making it look as though you are hitting on them.
How long have you known this chick for?
By giving flowers, it does show a sign of affection, and she obviously just misunderstood- not your fault at all.
It is a very kind of gentlemanly thing to do, so many kudos to you!
Yeah i've known her for a couple years, that could have made a difference.
I think she could've reacted a bit better and be a bit more grateful than simply thinking you were hitting on her, considering you've known her for a long time
It's not like we were close friends, and for a year the only contact we had were friendly smiles to each other in the hallway.
:O Wow, thankfully recuva exists
Nada's body
diablo 3 isn't that great anyway.
were you lighting the incense to hide the smell of the pot?
doubt that you can hide the burnt carpet - what color was it?
maybe you could use a knife and just shave off the burnt parts?
So, in other words, you don't know why people need intelligence other than to try and hurt people emotionally on the ?
Any scraps of intelligence are wasted on you...
just kidding, I know the feeling of making others feel bad, and it's a bad feeling unless they deserve it #3232;#3232;
No, he keeps $1's for vending machines and considers anything above as usable, it's a force of habit, anybody can get into a mid-set like that.
And then there's the good old One Drop rule, whereby a person was considered black if they had even one drop of "black" blood in them.
(I should head over to and see how they could tell if blood was black or white...)
Isn't it?
I often try to apologize before correcting someone as to try and make it seem less like I'm undermining their intelligence but more like I'm just trying to enlighten them further.
Yeah, I guess that's alright, you get the joy of hurting someone, they get the joy of thinking they've been helped, everyone's a winner!
Not quite what I was going for, but if that's how it shall be interpreted, I see no reason to argue it.
One time my dog got sprayed, and we used dawn soap, baking soda, and something else..
Forgot all the ingredients oo
We did it at a car wash.
In winter.
He was happy.
Did you tie a nice pine tree air freshener on his collar when you were done?
New car smell.
I lol'd IRL
I have an " " friend, and I come from a country where people are white or light brown.
Every time I see him I make terrible skin colour jokes to try and cope with how different he looks to the people I'm used to.
He started finding these funny when I became "that single white girl I want a piece of".
It's so simple too, every week (day if I'm driving a lot), pull the dip stick, wipe, oil still clear?
No particulate matter?
Dip, level still good?
You're good.
It's okay op, he likely didn't mind so much.
I was just in and talked to a guy who it seemed had never held a conversation with a black person in his entire life.
It was amusing watching him stumble around calling me black and trying to assure me he wasn't racist.
He actually used the words "you know, your kind of people".
Seemed like an upright dude though.
By the power invested in me by the United States of , as a Black Dude I hereby grant you forgiveness and amnesty.
The offended party still retains right to claim a tort.
I'll send her this because girls love child abuse!
Oh god my sides!
You dun goof'd son.
No way you could have pulled the old someone hacked my bit?
And for the love of God next time you want to show a GIF to a girl you're not 100% sure is into kids being run over by trucks?
Make it a cat GIF.
, just browse the frontpage for like, 30 seconds.
Tell what happened and apologize.
Don't see why it is that hard.
Was artistic a typo for autistic?
How exactly will looking through a subreddit populated by highschoolers who are obsessed with fight club change his perspective?
Yeah, unfortunately people can't handle simple tasks :-( my back aches from doing to many engines!
Talk to him, say it straight out and tell him what happened.
Of you value you and Jessie's friendship, don't talk to the girl.
You see, I tried that.
He's too stubborn to understand that I had absolutely no idea they were anything.
Just make sure you aren't really wasted and then have to post "TIFU: Had a 3-way with my buddy and a chick and our balls touched a whole lot" the next day.
I bet you were pissed.
She blew you on a first date?
Stick with your friend she is too easy.
Agreed my friend.
Too bad this kid is probably never going to talk to me again hahaha.
Then maybe you should tell him that, because she sucked your dick, she obviously doesn't like him.
How do you know the valve cover wasn't removed?
can happen along an axis, though most people call it twisting.
Say a lifter is stuck (likely with old/low/shitty oil), and the cam is hitting that valve 3-4,000 times a minute, but it never goes down quite as far as it was designed to.
Sounds pretty juvenile.
You puke?
story here.
I set my backyard on fire by throwing a gasoline can that was on fire in my yard.
HUGE burn spots and dead areas in my grass.
Been a week.
Dad hasn't found out.
Haha I would just eat the cereal dry!
Put a little vodka on that to clean it, and wrap your ripped up shirt around it.
The wound will be healed in no time.
I always stab myself in the hand when reaching in my pocket to grab an inverted pencil.
This is a daily occurrence and you'd think I'd learn by now but as it turns out I am retarded and not capable of learning.
only all the REAL musicians can pull it off.
, that stuff has been proven fatal in cats.
Is this how started?
My friend did this with a fork in the dishwasher and it went under his nail.
Like...how deep?
It's a good thing pencil lead is graphite now!
I'm pretty sure a lady can handle sucking more than one dick if they are not at the same time.
Shit can be complex.
Her blowing that guy could have been attributed to more than simple mate selection.
She could have just been horny and it doesn't sound like there was anything solid going on with that other guy.
People fuck for all kinds of reasons.
I really think if you are looking for advice on the internet that's one step behind looking for a date on the internet.
Did this with my arm once and the lead is still in my arm haha.
Or drink a little vodka, you won't give a shit about it then hahahaha.
Oh, disclaimer im cocked right now, so ya.
Did you fuck her before fucking up with her?
Don't give up.
This is not the place for DM;HS.
Nope, her sister was like you pull anything with you I'll kill you.
I believe her.
So, damn.
Don't take the time to write out your story on Reddit, and look it up on google.
Best advice I can give.
Trying to commit ?
oh dear god
About 7 years later, the little grey dot where it entered disappeared, but my left wrist doesn't feel the same as the right one.
How would ya like to get double cocked? ;)
You should invest in mechanical pencils.
I'm confused haha, oh wait I think I get it.
Is it like because he got fucked over like twice?
I'd have to agree that OP was likely pissed.
Ya, it kind of really is.
She just said,"Go home, text me when you get there, and then go to sleep." I was just like oh fuck.
shut up
Umm, why?
I still have a small black spot on the side of my leg from stabbing myself.
I once had a sharpened pencil in my pocket.
I stuck my hand in and it went under my nail.
My friend had to pull it out with forceps.
Then it started spurting blood.
I tried apple juice and cheerios once.
It was pretty weird.
shut up
or pens
In elementary school I had freshly sharpened my pencil to a very dine point.
I tossed it up and "clapped" my hands together expecting to catch it flat...
I caught it long ways and the tip firmly embedded itself into my right hand.
9 years later, I still have a grey triangle from the mark it left.
How deep?
I think I'd be better for my safety if my car did spontaneously destroy itself.
But yeah, I just hit the year mark recently, and with finals, I haven't had the time to do ANYTHING car related, beyond driving to and from school.
That is so awkward.
I am imagining a little kid saying that, while shyly kicking his right toe around in the dirt.
Oh well, at least you weren't being intentionally mean or anything.
for a while my dad ate apple juice and total every morning.
ughhh
Why were you drinking so much?
Do yourself a favor and learn a bit about, erm, portion size.
beer = 1 drink.
1 4-5oz glass of wine = 1 drink.
1.5 oz shot of 40% alcohol = 1 drink.
You're a guy so in a day, if you want to avoid binge drinking, your max is 5 drinks in total, and you have to pace yourself.
You're a young kid.
to excess even only a few times can mess with your brain, especially on some sort of regular basis.
You can drink, but you have to avoid binge drinking.
You will prevent this type of shit from happening and will be in better shape than other people.
Don't feel that bad though, that's not the craziest thing that could have possibly happened.
If your friend's parents were illegally hosting a party for minors to get drunk at, they should expect that sort of shit.
That is my worst nightmare.
Just be happy you didn't burn the house.
It's also kind of a funny story, too.
Avoid incense from now on...
and candles...
just stay away from those kinds of fire hazards.
Who gives a shit about the carpet.
You are lucky the carpet wasn't made of a material that didn't just go BOOM.
Your parents will get mad but it's really not the worst thing.
It's ok.
People make mistakes.
Or quill and inkwell.
I think that man has two penises and he is offering them to you.
Or blood
Well no, you're already cocked and I got one more for ya
I did this with a butter knife.
The butter ones hurt more than the regular ones.
intel's built in graphics chips are so bad it's like they TRY to make them suck.
you can get a 300 dollar e-machine or the equivalent from wal'mart and it'll run diablo 3.
NEVER ask advice from the store's sales people.
their job is to get your money, not help you get the computer system you need.
I've tried that before too!
I actually rather liked it.
This actually happened to my friend and I once while we were being very destructive in high-school.
So one night when his parents were out of town we got into a war throwing shit at each other in the living room area of his floor.
Shit was getting out of hand quick.
D size batteries, cuisinarts, anything we could get our hands on.
no one got hurt but we did have to to do some spackle to the walls.
During the little war battle my friend was near the bathroom and grabbed the shampoo and yelled incoming and launched some kind of dry scalp shampoo across the room at me.
The shit went everywhere and including a huge line across the carpet.
So he then decides to light it on fire, and it works, and he is like Oh Shit Oh Shit Oh Shit.
carpet now has a huge long burn mark from shampoo streak and the burn goes directly across the path you walk in from the garage.
So needless to say his parents noticed.
When they asked what happened he told them he spilled some paint thinner and that his R/C car sparked it and it caused the carpet fire.
I guess the believed him, but they pretty much knew he was lying.
Watch out for shampoo bombs!
In middle school I had just freshly sharpened a pencil and was holding it point towards me while trying to get my agenda un-caught from the rings of my binder.
Well, I get it alright, and very suddenly.
I stab myself in the nose, very close to my eye actually.
To this day I still have a grey/bluish/greenish spot on my nose.
I'm just glad I didnt stab my eye, but still feels bad man
I once convinced a kid in the college cafeteria to eat Froot Loops with Mtn.
Dew over them.
His response was something along the lines of, "I mean, it's not great, but if I was in Peru and this was all I had to eat..."
Diablo 3 a demanding game?
You're joking, right?
Still makes no sense to me.
You should invest in not putting your pencils in your pocket.
Neat!
It's truly an honor and quite a special moment in my Reddit career, I thank you.
I once sneezed on a pair of scissors and now have a scar running along the roof of my mouth.
:( i have a similar spot on my left palm
I absolutely would.
You're doing it wrong.
the bolts on my civic...not fun, had to drill them out.
Is there a new special hot dog and cheese
I've been there, alcohol gets the better of you sometimes but it happens to all of us, especially when you start out.
One day this whole incident will be one giant "one time I was so drunk I ..." story that you can laugh off.
Haha well then.
Umm, that's interesting.
So it's the same as ?
Wow that sucks.
Why didn't you check that stuff first?
I run D3 fine on my 4 year old laptop though.
Sucks but if its their house, car, and they pay for school, then you should probably do what they say if you want those things to continue.
If not, fuck 'em!
Pot isn't the devil, but until personal use amounts aren't criminal offenses anymore, getting caught can fuck up your life.
Usage isn't really the issue with pot, its the consequences of being caught by law enforcement.
Some people are into it.
You're either turned on, turned off, or don't care.
weird about any of these options.
Cute story though, you and your boy friend have a good relationship.
As an ex science student who has many art student friends, I sympathise for all of you and the constant panic you must endure.
My university life was no where near as stressful as the art guys's.
It's technically a very small tattoo.
I have one on my wrist from a pencil stabbing fight when I was younger.
No no no do not want
I have a similar stab wound from a pen.
As a person who does this with mechanical pencils, they still hurt
I was out of milk one day so I had the brilliant idea to do orange juice and cheerios.
It was disgusting.
That is not okay.
Marry him
What...how...why...i don't wanna know.
"talking to a girl who brought a Morgan."
read that as "sitting" for a while
CRACKLE CRACKLE, MOTHERFUCKER.
Put the kindle in the oven on really low heat and leave it there for a day
Sounds like a great recipe for a Kindle souffle.
Skip this, put the Kindle in a punchbowl full of rice.
The rice will suck out the moisture without damaging the solders or the display in the device.
REALLY low heat and having the door slightly open has never failed me...
also great tip with the rice never thought of that
What this guy said, but also make sure that you do not attempt to turn it on before its dried out.
Wet electronics aren't that bad if you don't try to turn them on and get them dry quickly, but if you turn them on while still wet they can easily short out.
You should also remove the battery asap and dry it separately (I don't know if kindles have removable batteries).
here's another vote for turning the device off, put it in a bag of rice and seal.
"Kindle souffle" actually sounds delicious if you divorce the words from their meanings.
One time when I was young, I accidentally put salt on my bowl of Rice instead of sugar.
I wondered why they didn't snap, crackle or pop.
Wow that's terrible..
but I presume the kindle is way cheaper than your iphone, so you're an idiot.
Play 2.
That's extremely risky for anything with solder points inside.
I remember there being a reason why this is actually a bad idea but I'm not sure what it was.
I just use the airing cupboard.
Bled like a stuck pig.
Yeahhh.
I'm so sorry, I swear I am, but I laughed my ass off at this.
I don't know if it's because I haven't been to bed, or because of how you worded it, but I'm fucking dying over here.
edit: for those moments where you need to drive in the water with your iphone in your pocket.
Or fall in a river.
Or to put in a cup of water at the bar.
Or spill drinks on.
Or when you drink too much puke on it somehow.
Or when you try to flush it down the toilet you just threw up in.
Or when you decide to put it back in your pocket and wash your pants that you got puke on.
The list goes on.
This is what you should have done :
50% chances of getting it to work again.
This is already happening.
It involved taking it apart (kindle 2) but its drying now.
Sorry for my slowness.
Oh no, thank you for suggesting it.
If my father wasn't an electrical engineer, I would've not known to do this until your post.
Good work.
Google music puts all your music in "the cloud".
The problem is you can only upload 20,000 songs (or 20 gigs, I forget) so it wouldn't work for all 40 gigs.
But it's pretty tight streaming your own music whenever you want.
Also it takes like a week for all your songs to upload.
If it is a Kindle Fire, leave it in the lake.
Those things suck.
For your iphone :
it was his/her mother's.
it means more than price to him/her.
Did this happen on the moon, or some other low-gravity scenario?
I've never had a problem with mine.
Why don't you like them?
I think he is talking about the other tablets on the market (you can read all your kindle books on a ipad, for example)
You hush your face!
I rooted my fire and installed android, and my tablet kicks ASS!
Root it and install android.
Your life will change.
PUT IT IN RICE.
NOT TISSUES.
RICE
You said your dad was an EE -- he can do the repair.
Ebay the part for your glass, and it will usually come with everything you need.
Its simple.
It'll sure help him on his next phone.
I keep them together for the children's sake.
So I'm subscribed to this subreddit so that I can see that my life is actually pretty good compared to some other people.
blush
On devices where the circuit board is assembled by hand, they use solder with a pretty low melting point so that it can be done quickly and by hand (with a soldering "gun").
Throw the board in the oven and "reflow" the solder and your 360 would work again!
I dunno about "extremely risky" , that may be a bit much.
But it certainly has a risk.
Solder will melt at anywhere from 90 degrees F to 800 degrees F depending on quality, brand, and purpose.
If you put the thing in a toaster oven on low, maybe 200 degrees, you'd be fine.
But certainly try the rice thing first.
RICE NOT TISSUE!!
My pleasure.
RICE RICE RICE!!
Poor fragile .
Did you not read?
They USED TO BE A GOD DAMN LIFE GUARD!
This is awesome!
You just made my day lol!
my friend has one.
we got drunk at a bar and he showed us how much he trusts it by putting it in a tall cup of water.
and left it there for a few minutes.
If i had a 4th gen i'd get it.
I thought this was gonna be a funny "ahhh fuck"...
this was just sad
DSL
I clicked the link thinking it would be helpful someday.
Then I realized I have an android
thats too bad...
But hey you're not totally fucked yet.
Rice that kindle and ask the istore for repairing the screen.
Make some story up that it just fell from your pocket and you are pissed that they do false advertising about their quality and stuff ..
say that you just cannot believe that the quality has gone down that just one fall cracks the glass..
Make sure that you are speaking this loud enough that other customers can hear you...
The istore folks are so proud of their istuff that upon hearing this sort of thing...
they would almost certainly try to get your iphone repaired for free.
Uh, did anyone question when Von Diesel and Paul Walker when they jumped out of cars free falling into a lake?
If you bought it using itunes, then you got nothing to worry...
If you got it from a piracy website then you got nothing to worry...
BUT.If you bought it elsewhere then you're fucked
oh his name isn't Von is it?
was deserved.
I wouldn't count this as a fuck up, but I still enjoyed the story,
I have an android too, but in the recess of my memory I remembered someone mentioning the site before.
try putting a an appropriate size ball-pen cap on your pencil.
Works well for me.
what's an ONT ?
"fist full of pubes" sounds like a porn remake of a spaghetti western.
optical network terminal
They probably won't notice...And even if they do, they probably will let it slide...
My office too has a "strict policy" about visiting social websites.
I am typing this message from my office...
And in my other tab I have youtube.com open.
God Bless Linux!
got it working fairly well now
Upvote given for not knowing Vin Diesel.
A kindle is an odd keepsake.
I bet his mom is fine, and he just owes her a new kindle.
happens to me every few days...
Pain Meter:
NSFW Videos prob wouldnt work because i imaging video streaming sites and porn sites are blocked.
They all link externally
Where on that scale would burning in a pool of acid be?
equal to aforementioned dishwasher injury.
is worse than stepping barefoot on a lego.
NOTHING
when i upgrade i will too.
you have never seen the series.
Vin Diesel, doucheness aside has done some great roles in his career.
Bear Grylls would be proud
He's kinda lame but I don't think he's a douche.
WHEN YOU ARE DONE, YOU CAN EAT THE RICE.
Since my parents are paying for my college, I'm just gonna keep clean and just skate with my friends getting high on adrenaline.
I can smoke if I want in college anyway lol.
I had in school suspension and I an 28.
RASS KRASPISS THA GRRROT.
DIY glass replacements only cost $10-$20.
I do them all the time for my classmates.
There should be a sister subreddit to tifu for times when you win.
The best I have is Today I Did Well, but I'm sure someone else can do better than that.
Aids.
Did it skip?
Now you have an unscratched Father's Day present.
Do the .
About that..
I've entered it, but have not bought anything yet.
Still usable, but my mom thinks that there are only 4-5 dollars left in the account.
I was super cheap and only offered 5 dollars on a Target gift card that my mom got him.
I bet Pat Kane didn't appreciate it too much either!
Better yet is the "My friend went to use the computer and thought he was on his account"
Works even better with facebook.
I just put ICS on a Xoom, and that still sucks too.
If the original poster had dunked a fire, I would have sent him mine to replace it.
An uprooted fire is a half measure and a joke, my Droid 3, w/2.3.4 is a joke too.
My work issued 4s and iPad 3 just seem to work well without any drama.
So, yes I would rather have free iOS toys than pay for android grief.
He could go give his shit to the homeless man.
don't see a doctor
take more batman
Reddit logic strikes again, as a helpful comment is downvoted for seemingly no reason at all.
A Kindle Fire in a vacuum is okay, but as soon as the iPad shows up, the fire is extinguished.
I had very high hopes for the fire, but in the end I feel sodomized out of $199.00
I have a neighbor who is high up in Amazon's cloud computing division.
I was seeking employment with them until the fire came out.
There is no way I could work for a company that put out that piece of shit.
[I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS PAIN!
HURT ME MORE!](
MORE!
MORE!
THAT'S IT, I REMEMBER: THAT PUNCH!
today I FUCK YEAH!!
hahaha i guess i could edit it a little since people typically look at links as a sales pitch.
Just be honest, you were trying to pawn your mother-in-law off on the circus.
We've all been there.
which is why reddit is generally never blocked..
It's pure text, reddit doesn't host images or videos, so there is no reason for ir to be blocked.
plus, every one who works a t open dns is a redditor.
but then if you rteally want to , a tails disc will let you do whatever you want
use tails or tor browser.
it routes it encrypted through the tor network, or just set up a proxy on your computer at home.
You Sir, are a Knight!
You went full Grylls.
You never go full Grylls.
Fuck it, I enjoyed the .
It's a lifestyle choice.
got me the second most karma I ever gotten in a single post.
The first most was a comment about my dick.
I came in here expecting to read about firewood.
I am disappoint
Oh ho ho, I remember that post...
" near you: 3,537 Chad O'Leary"
I don't think I will be able to use this :(
They are like superheroes without the capes.
You can do it yourself or send it by mail too
And here dies my last hope for having a single original thought.
Man, that's so much better than "Came her to say this!"
ahh yes...
it's like eating jalapenos and scratching your nipple...
it doesn't stop burning...
makes us seem awkward, when i think we're just trying not to step on toes or do something that will be seen as racist.
two of my best friends are black, and ive seen this happen multiple times with white people i know to be quite socially adept.
Source: I'm a cockroachlogist
I read that as "I'm a cockroach" which would have been much funnier to me.
Just make sure it isn't instant rice.
rice has too much powdery crap in it that can gunk up your phone..
Do not use heat (a hair dryer or oven) to try to dry it.
Just make sure it is not quick rice
is far superior to ios.
In all its applications.
Across all devices.
I can't even begin to list all the amazing reasons.
Apple has shitty customer service, too.
And they're so fucking pretentious..
I really just dislike Apple in general.
For many reasons.
OP I blew an engine 8 years ago on my 1991 Toyota Camry.
No oil in it whatsoever.
Smoke coming out and everything.
Felt like an idiot.
After crying, I had it towed to a mechanic (not a dealer, not an expensive shop).
I went to a junkyard, bought an engine for $400, and paid the mechanic $400 to put it in.
I drove my car after that without incident for the next 4 years, sold it to a guy who still drives it today for, you guessed it, $800.
ghost chillies
naked
You are not a smart man.
It's a sad day for iPod products.
I just dropped my iPod in bad, and sadly, it's dead.
What you did is about as dumb as frying bacon without a shirt on.
Dummy.
This same thing happened to a friend of mine in high school.
They were pranking someone with them, and my friend went to the restroom and didn't think to wash his hands first.
He ended up submerging his junk in milk to neutralize the acid.
A kindle, an iPhone, and a lakehouse...
yeah, poor you lol.
It's fixed now.
We've got a tech snob.
Some had capes...
No, I'm just a regular snob and a douche bag.
But, I did have high hope for the fire, I was an early pimp and still love the form factor.
Once the novelty wore off, it was obvious that it sucked.
I was looking to integrate it with my fireTV and , but I can't because they do not exist.
Heck it does not even interface with my droid 3 phone.
What are your thoughts?
I think its a hell of a device for $199, that's about it.
I'll stick w/ my iPad though, and OG kindle.
They were really just towels, they look like capes though.
Yes, the fire is great for $199, but a refurb iPad 2, 16gb, wi-fi is $349.
I hate to see people drop two bills and expect a good tablet experience.
It is a gateway drug for the iPad, with a $200 penalty.
How is he a douche, he's a nice guy who plays DD for fuck's sake.
A friend of mine was using some ghost pepper mustard sauce while making a stir fry and went to use the bathroom.
He comes back after 5 minutes, sits down, and informs us that his testicles are on fire.
Fellow gamer, excelsior!
this is great!
a "snob" who can't use android.
funniest thing i've seen in weeks!
You seemed to get yourself in a furry situation.
HAHA LOL!
Touche.
I can't believe you did that?
Run out of Beer?!?
This truly belongs in TIFU
Moral of the story: always leave some beer for yourself in the morning
needs to calm their tits about these stinging insects CALM THE FUCK DOWN.
That seriously sucks though.
I mean it was in my hand and I did kind of chuck it into the dock.
Wasn't in my pocket or anything.
That'd be why the glass broke.
tifu- I do have two extra for tonight.
DRANK MY OWN PISS?
BETTER DRINK MY OWN PISS
implying you normally put sugar on Rice
Son, I am disappoint.
I pretty much automatically disbelieve any TIFU story that involves hot peppers, tbh.
You...fapped in class.
Class.
WHAT THE-
That's an interesting route to take, but I've decided that this car is not worth it.
that has to be done is doubled in cost because it's a Saturn.
Ill take that fire any time you want to part with it!
Youre a very different user than the android is after.
You want easy.
I want ssh, telnet, ftp, samba, and scripting capabilities beyond what ios would ever let you have.
OUT OF BEER
BETTER DRINK MY OWN PISS
There seems to be a higher than average number of downvoted comments on this thread that contain correct spelling and grammar, and valid arguments.
I sense people who don't understand that downvote = disagreement.
Or there are just trolls/bots lurking.
whale shark!
Who said anything about it being a keepsake?
It's more about respecting your parent's stuff which might mean something different for them than it does the younger generation.
You know how hard it is for some baby boomers just to learn how to text on a cell phone?
A new Kindle being damaged would probably make them want to give up on technology idefintely.
I'm sure the OP's mom is ok and realizes it was a mistake, but seriously your comment was a bit dismissive.
I seriously don't understand why they don't make nice shit like that waterproof.
your comment was a bit dismissive
Well, yes, I was dismissing your hypothesis.
Very smooth
I don't believe a word of this.
you were dismissive of the fact that people have likes and dislikes and her loss of a device might be more upsetting than if your new device was lost/ruined.
That's fine If you don't agree but either "hypothesis" is plausible.
Jesus fucking Christ.
It's like a pissing contest on here.
for wicked pronoun placement.
Yes, that was the hypothesis I was dismissing.
It was a kindle.
There will be other kindles.
You are so sure of yourself.
Want a cookie?
I usually use a plastic bag or do it outside.
here.
I can confirm that gravity and time does not effect us.
I don't see why he would even let you use it if it meant so much to him.
I thought about it, honestly, I don't want to go all the way to CVS just for that.
lifeguard here.
I confirm.
Lazy
't you just be able to take out the screws and remove the rotor now?
Also what year and model is your honda?
Mine doesn't have those screws.
Today you fucked up the acronym for "Today I fucked up".
you didn't feel it in your mouth...?
Can't you just correct it by showing him reddit?
The official firmware is still , just a heavily bastardised derivative.
So where in would this be, exactly?
he thinks reddit is too "boring" then I slapped him
I've changed brakes in at least 10 different cars (of different makes), and just a couple days ago I changed a rotor in my friend's 2002 Sonata.
Missed the screw since I've never seen one with that before.
Took me a few good hits with the hammer to realize that there was something other than rust still holding the rotor on...
I just replaced a rotor in my friend's 2002 Sonata.
That damn screw was so rusted in that I had to use an impact-screwdriver to remove the screw.
to say, I didn't put the screw back in, since it serves no real purpose.
(None of the other 10+ cars ever had that screw on the rotor...)
The story would check out but OPs username leads me to believe otherwise OP never fucked up in his eyes HES HERE FOR THE KARMA!
Do you know of a local high school with an autoshop?
I'm in college now, but my high school had a fantastic automotive program.
on their resources, they can often do work for free.
I got a thousand dollars of work done on my car for $200ish (CV joint, radiator hoses, brakes, etc) because I paid for parts and installed them myself with other students.
This was back when i was a student.
If I was in your situation, I'd email the automotive teacher at your local school and explain the situation.
They might just be willing to try their hands at an engine install.
Or a rebuild (more likely; higher levels are taught how to rebuild an engine, and they would typically work on a nice, simple 4-cylinder such as your Saturn).
Double-fucked up?
Or maybe definitely?
Today, I didn't fuck up.
I knew it!
My last one was september...
No Video?
You go!
Teach that little bitch about respectful driving!
You didn't FU today - You FU'd the last couple months!
I had a car so fucked up - the bearings had gone out, so I replaced them but must've fked something out.
, not far out, my right-rear wheel seized - going 80mph, the right-rear wheel seized.
Tried to remove it - broke the removal tools; ended up taking a sawzall to cut the thing off and replace it.
I went back for seconds.
Ate her pussy raw.
Calmly explain how the hamster bit you and thus causing your natural self defense reactions to kick in.
Offer to replace the hamster.
That should smooth things over.
If not, well...
there are always other kids to babysit.
Today I done fucked up
I think counts as a TIFU on it's own
Not win.
This is what you should've said:
LIKE A BAWS
That's really strange, I've never not come across them.
BUT DON'T EAT THE RICE.
hs!
because theres no chance the car behind him thought he was going left, even though he jumped to the right to cut the "fat black suv" off, right?
it cant possibly be his fault for being unpredictable and causing hazard while driving
I've heard poking yourself in the eye passes time quickly.
Also he's black.
YEP, I been there before.
Had to dip my balls in milk.
Nice job Lenny.
Speak to the parents and offer to buy a replacement hamster for her, least you could do after killing the poor kids pet.
It didn't bite you because you squeezed it, so don't worry.
It bit you because it's a hamster, and hamsters are assholes.
I'm one of those pale as fuck pink ones Oo
but I also suffer from photodermatosis (allergic reaction when exposed to the sun)
i can attest to this
It's aimed at rural , I think that's pretty much the only place too.
You can also use those silica gel packets you get with new equipment, and stuff them all in an airtight box.
people just make shitty rage comics for when they win
The worst bite I ever got from an animal was from a hamster.
Right on the pad of my index finger.
it's not your anus.
Tagged you as Bear Grylls.
That's a great idea!
I'll definitely look into it!
He!
If it's worth anything: last year, I managed to get the 's credentials; I then fessed up, told him the password, and everything was good.
My advice: tell the IT department what happened, hope for the best.
For what it's worth, I upvoted you-
I and my kids are all allergic as hell to those things- if they started coming IN MY HOUSE, the whole "nuke the site from orbit, only way to be sure" meme and/or "KILL IT!
KILL IT WITH FIRE!!!" one would come to pass.
What you did is about as dumb as frying bacon without pants on.
I had an invasion of ants last summer.
battle!
I immediately thought of .
On a serious note though, don't clip them, bite the fuckers off like a man!
Why wouldn't you use gloves?
Sip of dat lemonade.
(loljk)
Drunk bicycling is pretty dangerous, the first thing alcohol takes away is your balance.
Was hoping for more elaboration, but Upvote because the general idea made be burst into laughter.
no the first thing alcohol takes away is your drivers license
The only logical option.
them in your house or trying to block up the holes is a losing effort.
Home improvement stores sell many products, they are mostly granules you sprinkle on the mound and should all work equally well.
Follow the bag directions and kill the whole nest.
If you don't they will just keep coming back.
TL;DR: Fire ants are evil.
Last week i got bit by a rat when i fed him to my snake, that was the worst bite i had ever had.
10 minutes later i got bit by my boa constrictor...
to say the rat wasnt as impressive
At least you didn't fuck yourself up like I did 6 weeks back.
I separated all 3 ligaments that hold my shoulder together.
that's the most logical place I can think to put my toenail clippings.
damn you ok?
do boas bite?
BUT I'M A GIRL.
tons of x-rays, percocet, and an MRI scheduled for next week.
And pain management starting then too.
They said surgery wasn't needed but I now have a permanent "bonus" lump in my shoulder.
Grade 3 acromioclavicular joint separation is the technical term.
Damnit, why didn't I think of that?
teeth are like little razor blades.
It got what it deserved.
tru dat, tru dat, have an upvote.
You can get a DUI on a bicycle, too.
If you have one, you might need to speak to a lawyer.
im tired of these "fuck ups." you fell off your bike, you were drunk.
you didnt even get hurt.
if this is a "fuck up" then i must have been the most fucked up kid alive.
Hey, this is his fuck up.
Get your own.
As someone who went to a similar highschool, I can confirm that this is exactly what they always say.
the angry vegans have arrived
nothing happened though so no big deal.
i scrapped my knee
I kill ants and leave their dead bodies out to make other ants fear my wrath.
All snakes bite.
5 foot constrictors just hurt more than most
They dgaf.
TL:DR- I am a lazy dumbass piece of shit.
Story of my fucking life...
Sucks about the ants though, they're a bitch.
Good luck getting rid of them.
DUIs are kind of a big deal.
In most states, you can't get them expunged, ever.
They hang over you for life.
Some landlords won't rent to people who've got criminal histories like that, and in some cases you'll lose out on jobs.
I'm not trying to lecture.
If there's a question in your mind that you might be drinking/abusing substances, get help.
Don't wind up dead because you think you're "alright."
I haven't even heard of SCSI.
to my sata and ide
They're expensive as fuck, too.
They do sell SATA controllers, it just means you have to spend something like $100 to use "normal" drives.
Do you homework better next time :)
I'm genuinely surprised.
SCSI's been around for longer than SATA, and I'm pretty sure it's been around for as long as ATA-1/IDE.
You only fucked up if you weren't using the correct turn signals.
and other hamsters to kill
I see talent.
You seem to be able to swallow hard objects...
It works for meth!
Today-I-Double-Fucked-Up
Today-I--Fucked-Up
Today-I-Don' Goofed-Fucked Up
not everyone can swallow pills...
SCSI is high cost and in the consumer market is about bringing cost down, so SCSI wasn't big there.
I didn't hear about SCSI until I started working in commercial IT.
( I would try this.
It's the only ant bait that I've had success with.
That's a bummer, when are you getting a new one?
noticeably doing so?
Kick that effin mutt.
Sounds more like other people FU.
mistake you made was improper body position while emergency braking (assuming that's why you flipped).
Shitty day :(
You were replacing the rotors anyways, right?
grits...swear by 'em causes the ants to blow up and will most likely kill the queen.
I've been around them my whole life.
It always works.
I'll never fully understand anonymity, does weird things man, e.g.
trolls.
Yeah a lot of people seem to yell about spamming...it's a helpful link, and it happens to be of a product...get over it.
Yep, you are right.
I had rather heavy backpack and it just pulled me off the bike.
Those are a major problem here in .
Get some dry poison and put it in a lid you're willing to throw away.
Make sure that this lid is very low to the ground without much of a lip.
If you leave one of these in each problem area, it should take care of things.
This is the funniest fuck up that I don't understand
't you update on the original?
At the very least link back to it?
This seems like a worthless post
Did you at least run into the dog...or preferably the dog's owner?
This is assuming they were more at fault than you.
Why does everyone store their nail clippings in some container?
Do it over a small trash can.
I want a weiner friend!
SCSI is a type of hard drive connection.
SCSI hard drives are very expensive.
It's funny because people are downvoting this out of ignorance.
SCSI is a less popular hard drive interface often used in enterprise environments out of reliability and speed.
They are, however, ( per gigabyte for the consumer market, especially considering that SSDs perform better for less money.
SSDs just haven't become tried and tested in the enterprise world yet.
ok the whole reason i'm riding a bike is because i do have a dui already.
yeah it is a big deal especially where i live here in texas.
it's class b misdemeanor.
now in my case i was convicted without jail time, but license has been suspended for three years, so now i've got 2 years to go.
but it wasn't like i was falling all over the place.
the whole reason i even made this was because of where i fell: a mall parking lot.
specifically the parking lot of the mall in which i work.
and it happened right in front of the biggest, busiest entrance.
so not only was i seen falling, but probably seen by people who know me.
and i hurt my hand and knee, so yeah i fucked up.
Was it smart to ride my bike after drinking?
probably not.
in texas three DUI's is mandatory prison time no exception.
could this hinder me from several things in life?
it's possible, but most times when people run a background check, they are looking for violent behavior, drug related crimes, crimes against children, or thievery.
I have a good job, and they know about my DUI, and thus far it has not been used against me.
i don't have a substance abuse problem of any kind.
it was all just a freak accident.
just because i felt like i could try to ride my bike home does not mean i will ever get behind the wheel of a car intoxicated again.
fuck it who needs it.
On the bright side, these are the only four teeth you'll have for sure when you're old and decrepit.
I think I broke my twitch bone.
TIFU by being poor :(
Hey, look on the bright side: TOOTHFAIRY.
Are you gonna get your bike back?
I assume if you can't find the guy who has it, you can report it stolen and then drop the charges, although that might cause more problems...
Next time, plough through the dog like it's a big ol' puddle and your worst enemy is waiting for the bus next to it.
High five!
I also lost some teeth in a biking accident a week ago.
Tire slid on some gravel while I was turning too sharply and going downhill.
I made up names for my encounters.
The War for 12A.
First contact/Battle for the Desk- I pushed them back and massacred their first strike team.
The of the -
Ambush on the Plains(my carpeting near the door).
Black Shirt Battle- inside
Battle for the Great Plains- pushed them back to their second entrance
Black Shirt Battle Pt.
2- outside
SAS
You mean "Today I Did Stupid".
I'm learning more about SCSI today :P
I posted over in about it.
I plan to replace my current system that is running ESXi (core 2 quad, 4GB RAM) with this one.
I have two VMs, Ubuntu and .
Win2k8 does domain services and where I store all my movies, tv shows, music, backup, and once I get a gigabit network I plan to install Steam on the network drive.
The ubuntu VM does MySQL and runs my website.
I then plan to move the core 2 quad machine to replace my server.
They're in a closet in my house, which stays at about 70F as is with the current 3 systems.
I want to say about 2-3 years.
When I get a new desktop, the old one ends up a server, and I get a new desktop about every year or so.
I already have 8GB of DDR3 that I'm not using.
I would really prefer to have a hyperthreaded system, and there's no hyperthreaded i5s.
the xeons in the 2850 aren't hyperthreaded either..
but I don't have a job...
My win2k8 VM is slow as fuck.
I gave it 4 cores and 3GB of RAM.
Only about 800MB is used and any time I do anything at all CPU usage goes from 0% to 100%.
I didn't have any issues with my Ubuntu VM until I started up a MC server.
system load was hitting ( system load, and saw Java was using nearly 300% CPU.
But as soon as I put on a dedicated system, it's never run more smooth.
Well, being it's a home environment, I can get away with buying the RAM on eBay.
I just realized I'm rocking a 2GB 800Mhz stick and 2 667Mhz 1GB sticks.
I'm gonna try to get 4x2GB or 2x4GB.
EDIT: WTF HOLY SHIT DDR2 IS EXPENSIVE
EDIT: I think I'm going to sell the motherboard in my system and buy a 775 motherboard with DDR3.
It'll be so much cheaper because I already have DDR3 lying around.
I've sort of done that, but instead of falling off my bike, I fell off my feet.
Only lost one tooth though!
Too late for Bear Grylls puns, sad face.
Terro worked AMAZINGLY well against the sugar ant problem in my house.
We tried the DIY boric acid + sugar solution (seemed to help) and regular ant traps (meh), but neither cut it.
When I put down some Terro solution, the ants flocked to that shit.
They love it.
And in about a day, the kitchen was pretty much clean of ants.
They've showed up once or twice since (this was all pretty recent), but re-applying the Terro seems to work.
I was pretty impressed since we've tried boric acid and the active ingredient in Terro is sodium borate.
I think the effectiveness is because they use a sodium salt and probably add some kind of chemo-attractants.
But seriously, try that shit.
This idea is amazing.
Sadly, I have jerkhole cats so I don't keep those around.
But that is a great idea!
What a fucking asshole dogowner.
This is why I do not brake with the front brake on my bike, sure it may slow me down faster, but one overreaction later you're face planting into whatever you were riding on.
But without a drink?
TOOTHFAIRY.
I doubt this guy lives with his mom.
I went into the file where the settings are saved and changed a few things, don't remember what exactly and that made it run okay.
Thanks to poopmonster suggesting a lower resolution it runs pretty smoothly now.
I find your username quite amusing in relation to all of this!
I find it hard to believe that you shattered your iPod.
I fell off of a skateboard and broke my elbow with my iPod in my athletic shorts pocket.
I cracked my screen to shit, but definitely didn't shatter it.
Wow, you really shit the bed...
BAZINGA
Bonus points - my bike is now in possession of the dog owner because I had noone to take it after ambulance took me to the hospital.
So, do you know them or did they just steal the bike?
Nice now I know you're full of shit.
Then damn, you done fucked up.
that dog owner better give you something and feel bad..
I put their heads on toothpicks and stick them in the wall where they come out as a warning.
She shouldn't have been standing there.
Unless they were playing in the kitchen
Well I'm glad you speak for most people.
How did you get it to let go?
I've heard says they're quite tenacious.
This isn't real, is it?
Not sure that one applies this day.
I'm shocked she didn't kick your ass.
Teeth or Dog?
I think Dog.
Go to a place like Pull-a-Part, where you remove the parts you need off a junker and pay the yard.
Much less expensive than even buying rebuilt parts.
the rebuilt parts sometimes have a warranty.
It's all in picking the right parents.
OIDH
I jump about a foot every time he strikes, never had a problem with having it hold on.
you wait until it lets go, if you pull it off youll have teeth imbeded
I feel for you man.
I have permanent nerve damage in my arm from doing the same thing.
I'll bite, did you ever send those pics to your boyfriend?
Most of them...I'm the type to take tons of pictures and look for the perfect one :s
Did you kindly explain to the grandmother it was sold to her grandson on the legally waterproof adage pic for pic?
My friend's mom didn't delete the nudies she had on her camera, while they were out of town, my friend decided to borrow it for a concert we were going to.
He uploaded the photos of the concert to my computer.
Life advice, don't ever take or send naked pictures of yourself.
That only highlights some deep personal flaws you're dealing with and will lead to regret later on (in this case ).
Also you said "we" so I assume you live at home, making your story all the funnier!
the FU was riding on the sidewalk (if I am reading this correctly).
I like the work and I'm good at it.
I also make bank with tips.
I probably pull in $30K a year when all is said and done.
Also Asian.
[And , but the Asian stereotype is stronger.]
I'm used to off-roading a lot, to be honest.
I forget I'm not in the desert fucking around.
Ha, I once fell of my bike not only breaking my arm but bending it out of shape, than six weeks later I broke it again, than in another 6 weeks I broke my other arm
I know how it feels bro, I lost the bottom halves of my two front teeth when I was 7 years old and haven't been able to bite with them since.
This was video taped while the girl was on the ride at a county fair (I think)...dreams can come true, it can happen to you!
No helmet?
Sounds like that's your first fuck up there.
I didn't know shittyadvice had an alt account
Well, you know, the pictures have been seen by at least two random people now...
Would there happen to be a link to these alleged pics hmmm...
Just kidding...kind of.
holy fuck thats crazy
read the rules
Tiny dumb .
Even tiny girls have been known to channel Hulk rage...
No, I had helmet.
But it didn't help much because I hit ground flat with my chest and face.
Yes that's correct.
it is almost empty on that hour but you are right.
I was moving with high speed and the man couldn't see me-that's why I could only blame my stupidity.
Pics or ...
never mind.
No it's not that bad.
He called ambulance and offered help.
I have his phone number.
I dodn't think I will have any problem with him.
But still-pretty ironic.
If I had little more time I probably would.
At worst I would probably just break the leash.
But it was instinct reaction.
...so there's this place called (
It wasn't his fault, he couldn't see me.
It's just bad luck.
just get some raid
You should see me on (
I could just picture you saying that like Nigel for some reason.
I feel your pain bro.
It sucks when you do something thousand times and suddenly something unexpected happens and you are fucked.
Hope you get well fast.
He offered help.
I have his phone number.
No, I didn't even touch them.
It was my fault although I wish dog owner would at least look what his dog is doing.
Been there man.
Ruined a concert for a bunch of girls/my brother when I decided to kill the end off a handle of vodka.
It was a Jason Mraz concert lol.
I went to the bathroom, took a piss in a stall (I normally never piss in stalls), then it hit me like a train.
On the drive home from San Diego my brother told me I slipped and fell in my own piss and started screaming at the toilet for being a corrupt piece of shit.
forced me to leave.
I heal like a vampire.
It's only been a week since the accident but, there's no sign of damage other than a few small scars and prosthetic teeth.
Hope you get well fast too!
This reminds me of a somewhat similar story.
One day I put a leash on my dog and promptly tied him to the handlebars of my bike as to 'walk the dog' around my neighborhood.
It was all going smoothly, however the street before mine, the dumbass tried to hop on the sidewalk as an attempt to dodge a mailbox.
I guess he didn't understand the concept of leashes cause the weight of my dog caused me to fly off my bike and scrape my fucking knee.
He didn't get hurt, he just got jerked back pretty violently.
to say I was pissed.
Both at my dog and at myself for the stupidest idea I've ever come up with.
Edit : the leash got caught on the mailbox in case you didn't understand.
Well...was she hot?
For a woman in her late 40s.
But I can never look at her or him in the same way again.
HOW DARE YOU NOT LIKE A GAME THAT I LIKE ;(
For the kid, (
No bro, it actually happened.
Shit tasted like tuna.
Yeah, cool.
Tell us the circumstances
That happened to me once too.
I didn't know fingertips could bleed that much.
I'm sorry dude, but either you're full of shit or completely stupid.
It seems odd, since you ADMITTED you had poor judgment in having sex with her, either proving that you were bullshitting THEN, or you're bullshitting NOW.
Why should I believe that you went back "for seconds" when you seemingly had an episode of regret over the whole situation?
Edit: Might I add, you also said "And if I wasn't drunk I never would have had sex with her," establishing your loss of credibility.
I don't feel like quoting all of the other comments of remorse, but you get the picture...
Wow, that really sucks.
There is no other option now.
To redeem yourself you must post said pictures.
It's bad advice because if you're going to take naked pics, take as many as you want then delete ALL of them.
ALL.
OF.
THEM.
There's nothing wrong with naked pics.
for the over sized retard reference!!
I just wanted to tell you that you have an adorable pooch.
I live 10 miles off this dead-end highway that's yuppies to the left, and seniors to the right (literally - at the intersection to my house).
The yuppies are stupid fuckin' tree huggers, and the the seniors are 90 year old decrepit folks who don't belong anywhere near a road.
Living across from a giant old-folks neighborhood, I've seen some truly frightening things!
Well since the pics are already out in the open, maybe you could upload a few for for us redditors to view.
strictly for scientific purposes, though.
I am pretty sure she is making this up, because no girl I know ever takes naked pictures of themselves on their cell phone, ever.
u dont know any girls
My girl is too poor to a have a cell phone.
U might have seen her on COPS before.
Wow dude I once fell off my bike and broke my walkman, fuck the 4 teeth.
This was a brand new Sony.
I was so upset.
I couldnt just call my dentist and install a brand new .
You know those AA classes they wanted you to go to?
Try one, and if you dont think you are an alcoholic, sign the little form for yourself like all the other people who keep getting into more trouble.
Thats for , one of the more expensive (but popular) brands, and prices vary depending where you go
probably not that uncommon for alcoholics.
At least it wasnt chew spit, or your gfs spitting out your own nut.
Plus your own piss cant hurt you, probably didnt taste like much but salty popcorn.
Sucks you ran out beer, that was the sad part.
3am where do u go?!!
I think I might have seen this one.
She's the one with the white guy with a cell phone and no tshirt, right?
In the shitty teal, late 90's , right?
Ah, serial hamster killing.
It would be so easy...
Shes the one with shitty perm and the dirty wife beater.
Yeah its a was a mustang but now it is several different shades of primer.
We have several Pitt-bulls and a lot of relatives living on our couch, was this the episode you saw?
Machet - The used in 'The '
persuade them to move?
if the traffic in the slow lane is moving faster than them, go around them.
why bother with getting frustrated that they wont do as you please when you ride their ass?
if the other lanes arent going faster then be happy youre moving faster than they are.
people should pull over/merge over to let you pass but not everyone is as courteous as you
How old is this kid?
Sure, it's embarrassing, but I'm sure the kid is happy.
If the genders were reversed, however...Jail-time.
2 weeks ago.
TIAFU?
It's not necessarily illegal to give pornography to a kid.
There are several "catch all" statutes that could be used...but I doubt anyone would prosecute in this situation.
You're missing what he's saying.
If a male gave a phone full of nude pictures to a young female that would most likely result in a serious sexual harassment case.
Thanks, but sadly, I don't think he missed that.
I think he just jumped on the chance to appear knowledgable on the by correcting someone else's casual statement, even if it means stating the obvious.
No I'm am not.
" ( is not a crime, it generally deals with workplaces.
I'm saying that if a male accidentally gave a phone full of nude pictures to a young female, he would probably be embarrassed and get an angry call from her grandmother.
What makes you think jail would be involved?
Yep, that's the one.
That one pit had some mighty big balls, by the way.
I was impressed.
I was just responding to your comment...not sure why you think that is "jumping at the chance to appear knowledgeable on the ".
Quick search came up with (
You need to keep in mind this would also be dealing with a minor in a sexual manner.
There's a lot of laws, and they do change from state to state, but I guarantee you that even if not convicted it'll make your life a living hell.
If this happened to me post age 11 i would not have told my grandmother.
I would have been happily fapping, lets be fucking honest.
That link is someone who doesn't know what they're talking about asking a somewhat nonsensical question, and a lawyer trying their best to give a helpful answer.
What do you think is going on there?
Did you think it supported something?
I did say above there are a lot of laws (I said "catch all statutes")...sure the guy could be charged with disorderly conduct...but it just isn't going to happen.
This isn't really about the law.
made a stupid "Men are treated badly by the legal system" generalization that really isn't true.
I just wanted to call him on it.
But you can look at her the way you did on your computer, right?
With lotion and tissues!
I said fuck it and went and sat outside to watch the sunrise and called my dad because I know he wakes up early for work and I love him.
I'm glad my misfortune could make you happy.
I had a good laugh about it.
Andy seeing that squirrel was so strange.
It was running in front of me on the trail for one of those extended surreal moments.
It was cool.
Maybe he doesn't like the director.
i appreciate the concern, but no.
If the kid's old enough, ask them to upload the pics!
If the kid's old enough, ask them to upload the pics!
I think my statement speaks for itself.
should make sure you don't leave any sweet food lying around.
Ants love sweet candy.
I KNOW YOU.
Oh, I thought he stole your bike.
But he didn't, he was just the only one available to take care of it, right?
on the one comment I deleted.
There is no food in my room.
THEY ARE COMING FOR ME!
This happened to my boss.
Yeah you read that right.
The girl who got the phone was most shocked.
Watch the Steve Wilkos show, it has the same effect.
Don't lie.
You wanted that kid to have it.
Yes, exactly as you say.
This is why I keep all my old phones, not sure which ones have tits on em.
Asian too?
marlboro is 5 and some change here
Yeah so good story.
When I was a kid me and a few friends stayed at another friends house.
the guy that lived there was out for some reason.
So one of my friends decided he wanted to snoop around in the guys parents bedroom.
When he came out he had a movie labeled "us" or "ours" or something.
So we watched it.
Turns out the guys parents were a bit adventurous.
It was a porn they had made of themselves.
They were not what I would call attractive people.
I never could look his parents in the eye after that.
What do you think is going on there?
" could consist of civil, regulatory or criminal issues.
, the fact that the alleged victim is underage there may even be another factor at play."
I'm saying it's quite possible for charges to be brought against someone in this situation even if they don't stick.
At the very least you can sue the "offender" in this situation by claiming emotional trauma.
it rolls, the charges alone would put a black mark on your name, regardless of if you're found to be guilty of them or not.
I can easily see parents going ballistic over this if it did happen to a male giving pics to a female underage.
The legal system treats both genders badly, just in different areas.
Gender bias works both ways, and ignoring either side just makes it more difficult to correct.
They probably heard you taste good.
please explain how this almost caused a "highway pile-up".
Seems to me you just lost your precious iphone.
a hamster get banked off a wall could be the greatest thing ever.
Ah, good.
I was just super freaked out and I was tired so it was vent on random subreddit time.
YOU ARE THE FUCK UP OF THE WEEK, 6/17/12 !!!
Is there by any chance the possibility of viewing these pictures in order to assess the amount in which you fucked up?
Hi, nice to meet you, I'm a girl who has taken naked pictures of herself on her cell phone.
Every girl I know does.
myself.
Often.
Sorry dude.
By choosing to keep the possessive interrogative, I was able to maintain maximal sarcasm.
Oh, and by the way:
"Who's okay, Vince?"
(You added a capital and lacked a comma.
the fact that it's been almost a month, I just wanted to make sure you knew you're a megatard.
Pics of ant infestation?
And how are they getting in?
else's comment made that apparent; it was much funnier after that.
Tard out.
ah, that's not so bad, I guess.
I hope it's alright!
this isnt a fuck up, you just need a better memory
No kidding, open a few packets of sweet-n-low and spread them around the house.
It will kill all of your ants with no bad smell.
was developed as a neurotoxin.
Agree.
As much as it kills me to see a person go 20k+ miles on an oil change (much less on a Saturn), I guess I'm on the 'soft' side of the mechanics spectrum...
I see she's broke, understand the lifestyle, and I'd cut her a break.
Maybe go junkyard diving for parts and give a good deal to help out.
That sucks, I've killed 8 ant hills in the last month and they just keep coming back in different spots.
I never notice them until I'm right in the middle of them being bitten all to hell.
Figure out where they're coming through your wall and go look around that spot outside.
That's probably where they are outside.
You're going to be buying a lot of bug spray but it's worth it in the end.
Those suckers are aggressive!
here.
I can confirm that time and I do not affect lifeguards.
Glad to hear everything's still ok!
Count yourself lucky.
Well what are you going to do about it?
Tell my troll brain to read better next time.
It was definitely a first world problem.
Have you tried to communicate with them and ask for another interview?
Eh it might sound stupid, but I am pretty shy when it comes to these things.
I nnngh must say nnng quite!
, but for a job it's no time to be shy.
One of the few times you should suck it up.
let him burn
Next time wear a teeth helmet.
In a lot of areas the sidewalk is the only place to ride.
He was going faster than he should have been though.
Hey, I just met you.
And this is crazy
Hey there baby, you taste as good as you look?
you shouldn't be looking at them in the same way.
remember the words of Ed Hocken in Naked Gun
You're looking at like she was your mother for Christ's sake!
I would vaccumm EVERYWHERE
I'll see you on 4chan.
Oh yes, I feel bad for him
[because thats how you get ants.](
I must.
, bath salts.
Yeah, I figured his grandma would be mad but she just shrugged it off.
this sort of thing has happened to him before with his cousin, whose pictures were apparently MUCH more graphic.
Burn the house.
I am in the process of washing my sheets and bedding.
I crashed on a couch for the last few hours, it was pretty good.
I taped off where they were coming in and i'm looking to buy to ant traps or poison.
, it was being developed as an anti-ulcer medication.
" was discovered in 1965 by James M.
, a chemist working for G.D.
Searle .
had synthesized aspartame in the course of producing an anti-ulcer drug candidate.
He accidentally discovered its sweet taste when he licked his finger, which had become contaminated with aspartame, to lift up a piece of paper."
Oh the fun we have while no-one's at the pool
My house is built onto the side of a hill, so the spot that they are coming in is a good 7 feet ABOVE ground.
It's messed up, yo.
You go there and you destroy them!
The only way I've been able to kill a hill is to dig it up some and pour a crap ton of bug killer into it.
You should keep updating and post some pictures.
Most of my run-ins with tem have been in the dark, followed by me running around in terror, so no action shots for now :(.
I will see what I can do.
At least the owner didn't bust you dumping out in the bushes.
That would have been a fuckup and a half.
How large are they?
If you live in sometimes you'll see regular fire ants with a couple huge ass red and black furry ants.
I like to call them bull ants.
You can practically hear them rake their pinchers together.
This reminds me of a story...
My friend moved into a house with her parents, and they weren't told anything about the basement.
They check it out one day, low and behold, two (separate) ant colonies, mounds about two feet high.
of getting an exterminator, her father grabbed a shovel, shoveled off the top half of one ant hill, and threw it onto the other one.
Insta-ant war.
Cheap extermination too - they did eventually hire an exterminator.
He was impressed.
Or the neighbour's kid.
are you delicious?
Could you be specific?
I'm not sure what's confusing you.
I (unfortunately) live in Texas.
They range from tiny to medium size.
oh, if that happened I would have died from
I doubt it.
I'm 6'1 and 140 pounds.
I don't have much meat on mah bones.
That is pretty badass.
That most badass thing that I have done so far is not start screaming and wake up my neighbors when I got in my bed.
I hope we don't see you back here tomorrow.
UPDATE: The leaves turned out to be poison ivy.
TL;DR: you stabbed yourself in the leg for "that special someone."
I'd suggest checking your basement.
Only once?
After a few drinks, this might actually work.
(on me anyway)
Or the toilet.
But I still wouldn't put it pas some redditors...
ants are notoriously difficult to remove from a dwelling.
mix some boric acid with jelly and place it near where you see the ants entering (where you taped).
Ants come in and gather around the free meal, eat the poison jelly, and go back home to die.
It's not an over night solution.
So make plans to entertain visitors for a week or so.
that explains that weird itch...
rayciss neo-naiz whowantstokillsixmillionjews
More or less, yes.
are they are coming in for water, if all food has been removed.
Taping up the current hole they are using to get into your house will only slow them down.
Clean up house Vac whole house, wash and dry all dishes.
Wash/wipe down all walls/counters and for sure the areas and trails the ants have been using with vinegar and let it dry.
If ants still come in your house with no food and old sent trails removed with vinegar then they are definitely coming in for water.
To keep them outside its simple ..
water your lawn for a few mins everyday or two.
pictures?
sounds like your day was crappy.
Pics of that red, blistered, and oozy poison ivy ass would be a karma goldmine.
Don't ya think?
I think i discovered my soulmate.
You talking about the ones as big as a fucking wasp?
Yeah, them bitches.
The little ones hurt more though.
The tiny red ones will eat your ass up and you'll be begging for mercy for days.
Edit: after some googling, they are in fact wasps and not ants and are called Velvet Ants.
( There isn't a good reference pic for size, but imagine this thing spanning the diameter of a dime or penny.
Did this happen to be in Santa ?
Much easier to clean up if you use cocoa powder instead of jelly with the borax.
and now everything is fine?
I would have called a doctor immediately after seeing my knee swollen like that.
You dare to waste chocolate?!
I love this pun.
Best original pun I've seen in a while
Get the poison that they eat and then infect their mound with.
ants are attracted to certain materials.
One time a bunch of ants swarmed my dried acrylic paint.
...then again I had left a bag of chips with some crumbs nearby, so maybe they had just swarmed everything.
I was on a roll earlier
Wait seriously?
Should of wore your helmet.
That sucks man, hopefully your dog learned it's lesson and no longer runs after other dogs.
The sad thing is that my friends said they would have beat / kicked / 'disciplined' my dog, had it been them, when it was clearly my own dumb fault.
Now I'M itching.
Thanks for that.
an exterminator- I hear fire ants eat termites.
So if they are digging into your house, there could be another problem that you just haven't discovered.
I know you wanted that good news.
You gotta hate a fart with ambition!
Thanks, but my roommates and I are the first people to live in this town-home.
It is provably a combination of cheap construction and the university not really caring where they build things.
had to do it.
This is why I no longer fart at school.
I'm so paranoid about that happening that I'll hold it in for 8 hours, and then have like 10 second fart as soon as I get home.
How can you say it's wasted when it's going to be used as an ?!
What the hell is up with all of the people that shit their pants nowadays?
What the hell are you fuckers eating?
I haven't shit my pants since I was 10 nor have I been in the company of another adult who has.
I have some called Terro ant killer.
Works like a charm.
Midday and you got my first reddit laugh of the day.
Been up for six hours so that's more of an accomplishment than it sounds.
where did you get a flint lock
...that you know of.
that you know of
Word of advice: You will shit your pants as an adult.
it's sooner or later, it will happen.
Plan now.
Thats friggin jokes.
But yes I now know the horrors that a fart with ambition can reap.
eww dude don't link to that subreddit
edit: he edited his post, the subreddit was
I read this here on reddit: better to fart on a toilet bowl than shit on your pants
Was your dog ok?
Get better soon.
you see, cats wouldn't do this.
Get well soon!
Sir, you appear to be a horse whisperer.
Can I see some ID?
Did you get the girl?
So was your shit.
Umm maybe this is a dumb question but...why in the hell would you keep dogshit on the floor for a week?
Wow huge violation of the bro code.
Always remember.
" bro's before hoe's".
She obviously doesn't care about your friend, if you care about him you wouldn't do shit like that.
Go and beg his forgiveness.
Tell her to sod off and remember that women are easy to find...best friends are not.
you sir, are the ultimate troll.
I checked the reddit earlier and I knew there was nothing there.
And then...oh god, why would you do that?
Leaves come on rolls now?
LPT - for office workers - designate a drawer for 'personal' items, and keep it well stocked.
/paste/floss, deodorant, hair stuff, and extra underwear.
If you sometimes need a tie but rarely wear one, keep one in there too.
Spare glasses if you wear them - you get the drift.
If you work from a vehicle on jobsites, a pair of underwear and dry socks stuffed under the seat might be a godsend one day.
As you say - it WILL happen eventually.
Be prepared.
In case anyone was wondering, [this is a good diagram of a separated shoulder (depending on which grade)](
does it say anything about not wearing a helmet?
Yeah, but iPads cost several times more.
sadly, no.
sheds tear
Should probably still check if an antibiotic would be a good idea.
with a name like poopdollar, I can't go wrong!
Hey baby, you taste as good as you look?
And flushable wipes.
to do now but marry him.
I'm not fired, but no tips until it is paid off.
if your insurance or your employers insurance paid for the damages.
Also illegal because you're not allowed to dock wages from an employee for an accident.
Also morally wrong because the tips are a gratuity (gift) to YOU from the customers and your employer is literally stealing from you.
"Female velvet ants are notable not just for their colorful fur but for their tremendously powerful sting which is so painful that they are nicknamed "cow killers."
From that site.
entgineer?
How many hobbits will fit in an Ent?
Or they could fire her for driving through the wall of the restaurant
not legal.
She was not on the clock, nor was she acting in a malicious fashion.
It was an accident.
Never trust a fart.
Don't forget that the business most assuredly has insurance covering the damages and loss insurance covering the lost custom.
It's win-win for the bastard employer.
How many puns have your friends made other than the one you mentioned?
That is pure gold, not to sound insincere for your near-death.
Yeah, I read that too.
I think my bad encounter with fire ants is overshadowing the cow killers and messing with my perspective.
I still hate the tiny ones with all the burning passion of 1000 suns.
Did you get a good Eiffel tower in?
an explanation is in order.
I TRUSTED YOU FART!!
I trusted you
Not that big of a story.
on a nest in tall grass while carrying a baby.
up my leg and in my shoe/sock and I could do nothing about it because of the baby in my arms.
I wasn't hospitalized or anything as extreme as that.
Just endured several minutes of attack my leg before I could get child to safety and worry about myself.
The bites are extremely irritating and cause itchy sores.
Not as bad as a bee or hornet, but worse than a mosquito.
I've never encountered a swarm of velvets - only ever one or two at a time.
I have a tremendous irrational fear of ants.
This gave me the shivers!
I had them in my house once, I ran to the store and bought everything anti-ant.
the ants and then vacuumed a packet of powder poison.
And then killed of their trail with powder and cement..
Never saw them again.
They are coming in from between the molding and carpet.
fart.
Now that I'm into a bottle of wine...
Baby, I'm more delicious than that.
Wanna come back to my place and find out?
sorry for your misfortune...also i accidently read (photo included) as (potato included) this is why i clicked...
Yes, the second time in the restroom.
I just stopped seeing Dr.
Texas Pete.
That's pretty much the same thing I said.
On a whim, if you see them crawling in the house randomly, glass cleaner kills them on the spot.
(If you don't have bug spray nearby...) Combat Ant Traps are the only thing I've ever found that will actually kill them ALL and keep them from coming back.
It's the stuff they eat take back and kills the rest.
hey at least it wasnt some weird fetish porn
I say both.
It was your own stupid fault since your dog isn't trained enough to not go after another dog.
Now you know.
Your dog is a jerk and you put to much faith into something so faulty.
Just walk your dog then ride your bike.
Sounds like OP...
Lost his shit...
YEEEAAAHHH
I'm just sitting here wondering f you have some type of superpower.
I mean, that is so fucking awesome in every respect, I can't even begin to describe it.
Didn't Peter get accused of rape for doing that?
I'd get a lawyer, pal...
Oh hill!
That must've hurt!
God, that is so awkward.
I didn't even have to read anything but the title to know what was coming next.
Oh, that's just fantastic..
How I long for these kind of picture when I'm surfing Reddit front row in a lecture.
God bless the queen.
EDIT: Just in case this saves someone, that's NSFW!
First of all, even if she landed on the football point first, I'm assuming she was clothed since she was in the back of the car with her father.
Unless you're using some amazingly pointy footballs in your neck of the woods, this is a total BS.
And she'd scream, not moan.
tearing any part of your body, the hymen included, hurts.
to the sad brotherhood of workplace sharters.
We're here for you.
Two years of work are worth at least a little fight!
Do you have some document from the time stating the school's standards for graduation?
lol that's why this is on TIFU
he's not that mad.
It's a made up holiday and you eventually called him.
It's not the same as forgetting the day of your anniversary or his birthday.
The day of father's day doesn't matter, just call and love him and that should make him feel pretty good...
hopefully.
I don't know him, but if you were my son, I wouldn't be too mad.
My sister and her friend were in the back, the father was in the front passenger seat, I was driving.
A moan is a scream, im not talking about a moan you hear when someone is in a porn movie- there are moans of pleasure and moans of pain- both of which are in fact moans.
With a sudden change of speed in a vehicle, objects are thrust into a given direction- she drifted towards my sister who could only be stopped by the door.
She was sitting like young girls do with their legs crossed, not down on the floor like most of us do.
This it is possible, and did happen.
Again, moans are not only pleasure, they too can be pain.
hahahahahaha!
Ya...
the kitchen can turn bad fast.
Take a break, give it another try but this time be prepared for the worst.
Get your cell phone out (for 911), have a fire extinguisher (or some flower) ready, and have a bucket of water on hand.
Lol, good job.
to the best of us
freaking sucks.
't have done it but the deed is done.
Try not to worry yourself to death about something you can't change now.
Just wait and deal with it if it comes and if it doesn't...
praise God, lol.
That's true.
Better to admit your human than get caught in a lie and make it worse.
So easy to say when it's not happening to you but it's really the truth.
good for sandwiches, sick for house.
Try baking soda where you dropped it and...
I dunno, candles?
Makes me sick to think about it happening.
The technology is a few centuries old, but I'm pretty happy with good old fashioned books.
I suppose you fucked up, but it's a pretty cool story and memory to have.
I remember long-boarding down a really steep hill (similar to in the picture) and I hit an irregularity in the asphalt.
forward several feet and tumbled for what felt like ages down the hill.
thought I was critically injured.
I got up and was bruised and cut like crazy, but safe.
It's a cool memory in retrospect, I remember I got back on the board and finished bombing the hill.
Relish it.
Keep calling him Jeeves.
Badass nickname.
of the sex?
I am really skeptical.
Mainly because the idea of a hymen something that is 'popped' is really erroneous...
sure, okay, the only thing I get out of this post is that maybe a girl was sitting in a car and she moved forward and it nabbed her a bit between the legs.
Doesn't mean she lost her virginity to it or that her hymen broke.
Really doesn't seem like any of this is that likely...
but okay dude.
Best TL;DR ever.
I would have offered her dad to walk if he did that.
Well, you were asking jeeves.
He survived the holocaust, and is horrified by my grandmother's supposed prejudice.
To be fair clothing was still on out in the living room, at least then it was.
Weird, but really funny.
I think a lot of people would have made that mistake.
I was in Costa Rica studying with a group, and there is a "sport" there where you get in a barrel or a cardboard box and then roll down the side of a mountain in a race.
There just so happened to be an international competition for that sport, and 2 kids in our study group went to participate in it.
One of them broke his hand for a similar reason-- sort of ran unstoppably down the hill and fell straight on his hand, but no somersaults.
That sounds like a cool job.
I want that job.
only= Kindle
and something else=Tablet
She wasn't wearing a seatbelt?
The worst part about reading this is that I can't tell if you learned your lesson or not.
came here for the photo.
Lather yourself in faeces, they won't try to eat you then.
I'm four and three quarters
I'd have hit the deer and had free venison steaks for a few months.
I forgot to clean it.
I feel like this could be a horror movie OR a terrible Eddie Murphy scene
I know it hurts, but if he's the kind of person who thinks it's okay to tease you hurtfully then I don't think you reacted all that unreasonably.
You both said things you shouldn't have, and good on you for taking the initiative to apologize.
That said: If he ends a friendship over this, then perhaps you are better off.
Good friends may feel hurt and angry and take a couple days away from the situation but in the end, they come back and talk it out.
Your friendship might end up stronger and more sincere.
Thank you, this really helps...
He really is a good person though, few of my friends know about how sensitive I am to that kind of teasing.
everything will be okay in time...
And one hell of a repair bill.
Even if this is true how can the father really be angry at you, I mean a deer hitting a car is good speed does a hell of a lot of damage, and shit happens.
Not like you have some secret agenda to rape his daughter with a car and a football.
I hope so too.
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
/internet hug.
My first thought!
Show him this post.
If he really is a friend, he'll process all of this and be understanding and forgiving.
Might even bring you to a deeper level of friendship.
If not, it's really no loss.
After all, what are friends for if they can't allow you room to fuck up once in a while?
Why rice?
I don't know wether Amazon does this for old kindles but for any other kindles they replace it whatever you do too it.
Friend of mine dropped it and killed the screen, they just sent a replacement and asked him for the old device.
Maybe that works for you aswell?
Amazon customer support is famous for not giving a fuck and just replacing stuff.
"Nice try Amazon rep"
Switch to google for a week and then "yahoo answers" and watch his face contort in anger.
the hymen actually does not break it just stretches
get a empty toilet roll then stretch a balloon over it but so it takes up 1/2 or 2/3 of it leaving a gap...
that's what it looks like now insert you fingers and stretch it to one side making the gap bigger
INB4 how would you even know that
Legit.
You may not realize this, but most active girls have completely torn their hymen through normal injuries.
It doesn't require penetration, and not every girl has a mostly covering, bleed like jesus hymen.
I have never heard so many stories of adults shitting themselves than on reddit.
Am I the only one who is a grown-ass man who hasn't shit themselves since I was in diapers?
Trust me dude, when you burst a deer like that, the meat gets tainted.
Also, the father immediately realized what had occurred and blamed OP?
How did ol' dude pick you up?
carry?
Just bend down and dead life you?
I'm assuming you're probably not a heavy girl, but that's an awkward way to pick somebody up.
Sucks, happens to the best of us though.
I quite literally diarrhea'd my trow not even 5 minutes after a shower one time...
in my last pair of clean underwear...
in the only pair of pants I had...
one of the worst days of my life.
You tried it?
first one on this life hack list says cucumber
TL;DR - Drunk girl goes to take piss in woods.
Runs into pissed off wild pig.
Pig chases her to the campsite.
Pig destroys campsite.
Piss covered chaos ensues.
decide to leave due to damages done.
Get lost for 2 hours before making it home.
This makes no sense.
on the vehicle.
I used to be a skateborder like you, until I took a nail to the knee
This must be the most bittersweet victory ever
load of shit I have ever read
I did this too, but it was at .
Back in those days there were cameras that took rolls of film, so I wasted almost an entire roll taking photos of a large fake butterfly.
disappointing.
He could just say it's a nickname.
OP, call other people funny names in front of the IT-guy so he knows you are some weird joker
Where in Cali?
I will avoid.
Also, he said he didn't want to see the kid again all while being seated in the backseat of OP's car?
One of the best tl;dr I've read.
10 second fart?
worth the holding in!
Not when every 10 seconds you feel like it's about to blow.
I also am part of my school's robotics team, so sometimes that 8 hours turns to 12 hours.
Dear lord.
You may be about 18 days late with the reply, but well played my friend.
I'm calling (
No, when you kill things to eat them, you quickly learn that when certain delicate organs burst, bile and intestinal gunk make meat inedible.
Hardly sounds like you personally fucked up, you all camped in an area full of wild pigs, with no way of knowing.
Just because one saw you first before the others doesn't make it your fault.
Chin up!
It'll be a fun tale to tell in the future :)
Is it bad I laughed at this more than I should have?
are renowned for protecting arms, thumbs, toes, and shoulders.
ya well maybe he shouldn't tease you so much
Cat deserved it
As someone who got their start in film (had my own darkroom growing up) I totally feel for you!
Tell no one, not even your SO nor friends.
No one.
Take it to your grave.
You know nothing, have seen nothing, have heard nothing.
That's to protect Jojo.
Like you said, you had no idea this would happen.
Sounds suspicious...
The cat was a total dick but I still feel bad.
I'm kind of an animal lover but I'm not exactly upset that I don't have to worry about my cat coming back all beat to shit anymore.
Bear?
If not, this exact thing happens there almost every day, and it is hilarious.
Joshua Tree?
Most customer-facing IT people I've ever met are usually very patient.He probably thinks you're just slow...
your dog turned out to be a .
I'll be leaving now...
She picked the spot; no one else to blame.
She takes the hit.
It's in the rules.
came to the comments expecting this, was not disappointed.
Except reddit of course.
A moan?
Yeah, right.
You're a complete cunt and if it were possible I'd set the dog on you.
You let an animal you knew damn well would be able to kill the cat out in the same area as it and encouraged it, and then don't even have the guts to tell the owners?
You worthless, miserable excuse for a human being.
Never send a cat into a dog fight
Well, it learned it's lesson.
Dude I'm a girl and I BITE THE FUCK OUT OF THEM!
SCREW YOUR NAIL CLIPPERS!
Don't tell anybody (except reddit obviously...).
Make sure it isnt obvious you just dug a little grave for the cat.
Cover it with like a plant pot or something.
EDIT: Plant pot will stop people being able to see the grave site.
like foxes and dogs have been known to dig up human remains from the smell so a cat in a shallow grave will easily be dug up.
Plant pot will stop any animals digging up the cat.
The fact that you used the verb "unleashed" is reason enough not to let/tell the fucker to get another animal.
Also this is reddit, you dun goofed.
What cat?
You mean like the gall bladder and colon and such?
its lesson, let that be yours
edited for spelling
Don't worry reddit wont tell reddit hates cats.
This should be a response to all TIFU posts.
Friend of my dad's had a German that he kept on a tether in his unfenced backyard so it could run back and forth.
had a little shit of a dog that knew where the end of the tether was and would tease the German .
As you guessed, my dad's friend added a few feet to the tether one day and VOILA, the German was no longer being bothered
Edit: apparently you don't exclaim "stringed musical instruments" when something magical happens
Today you became the (
no "F" ups involved.
Should be in
Might be not worth it.
I have made an awesome arrow-shaped scar on my calf when I fell off of a motorbike.
First ones to notice were other guys.
I mean like duuude that's awesome bro!
It was in fact an awesome scar, from further away it looked pretty much like a tatoo.
It's still visible, but not as clearly anymore.
Then some girl remembered how I fell and asked me if my leg is alright.
I showed her the scar.
Then my other awesome scars.
In fact I got so many of them, and am proud of them so much, that girls immediately think I'm crazy and a bit mentally challenged.
That girl was no exception.
I wasn't even atracted to her, but it still made me sad.
So girls thinks scars are hot, but guys having and shoving them are retarded.
Or something like that.
It pissses me off, too.
It also pisses me off that someone with a 2 year old German can yell "GET THAT LITTLE FUCKER" and be too stupid to realize what is about to happen.
I'm genuinely thankful that OP knows he fucked up, because it's saving me from having to be very angry.
Not chastising you bro, but please never do this again.
A dog will do anything for thier beloved master, and sadly sometimes face euthanization for thier efforts.
glad your cat can finally drop sausage without looking over his shoulder.
"JoJo!
Get that little fucker!"
"TIFU, my dog got a little fucker"
Yeah, we joke the same with my dad, except that my brother has a self-made flintlock, and neighbours have seen us shooting it.
They don't make so much noise anymore.
And doesn't complain about my old-school hard rock played a bit louder when it should be.
They also started taking care of their dog.
Nice people.
has there been an update good sirrah?
did you find an accomodation with this lady friend?
confidence is key.
a fart can be a crapshoot.
Yeah, that would be handing "" to the unwashed masses.
You better go tell it.
is missing that cat.
Don't be a jerk
Oh well, at least you weren't singing and pedaling as hard as you can no-hander to impress your friends.
I then petted a horse with my bloody hand.
It was embarassing, but I got out of the situation alright, touched a horse, and now have more respect for beer.
great tl;dr
It is lesson...
I am legend...
I see where he was going with that.
or just apologize, and then say something like 'well, do you mind if i keep calling you jeeves?
cause i think its a pretty badass nickname, especially for a badass IT guy.'
If it was in your backyard, I don't see why there'd be a problem.
Just say you let both of your animals out at the same time and when you did, neighbor cat decided to come around.
(not that I'm saying the whole "get that little fucker" part was justified)
We had something similar happen, only it was dog vs.
dog.
dog came into my stepdads yard.
had to pay it, nothing happened with our dog.
But it probably varies where you live, so I would do some research.
You own urine can't give you any infections which your body doesn't have immunity too.
It's alright.
You can piss on yourself to clean your wounds.
if someone else pees on your wound, you might even die.
Utter nonsense.
well, they can still be awesome badass pictures.
especially if you conveniently mention its 'mankinds imprint on nature' or some such implication thats really artsy and stuff.
Yes, I know, but he said he has a 3GS, which only requires new glass unless (of course) the LCD is broken.
LIES
It was on his property, if the neighbors cat came there and attacked his cat, it probably would have been legal to kick the cat back over the hedge.
He didn't train his dog to kill cats, so why not tell?
Unless this happened in , where the neighbors may get a lawyer and sue the dog dead.
It was the TL;DR that made me lose it
reddit hates cats.
It's not your fault - but I can't help but feel for the poor cat.
It might have been an arsehole cat but it didn't deserve to get brutally torn to shreds like that :(
I wouldn't tell them if I were you.
If I knew that my neighbour's dog had killed my cat I would be fucking PISSED at my neighbour.
If I think something else happened then I would just be sad.
The whole situation sucked, but your neighbors didn't give a shit about the cat and it got into a situation that could have happened in virtually any back yard.
It's not like you're the only one with a dog who would fuck up a cat on site.
That cat was doing something it shouldn't have been doing, the neighbors apparently only sort of wanted a cat, so fuck it.
What's the dog supposed to do?
He's a dog.
He did exactly what dogs do to animals who wander into their territory.
A nice plant pot will keep various critters from digging up the ex-cat.
but the roomate seems to be not only ok with it, but right down with setting up an office marathon.
Hymens can break from pressure other than an erect penis.
Some friends and i were sledding when we were in high school.
Katie went down the slope off a little mogul and lost control.
The sled came out from under her and she slid into a little sapling at the edge of the field, legs apart.
The impact, even with heavy snow gear on, caused her cherry to pop.
It was awkward at the time but we laugh about it now.
Cat's fault.
Like others have said, even if you didn't send your dog after it, it sounds like this could have happened at any random time you let your dog outside.
I'd throw the cat in a dumpster.
Then nothing will dig it up.
which role were you in the threesome?
pretty important.
also gender of roomate and yourself, also important.
just saying, not all bad, still had fun right?
That was the point.
Hey, I'm really sorry to hear that, and I hope you get better.
a dog with a bike is a lot of fun and I hope you can get back into it and not crash this time.
If you're not familiar with the term "bikejoring", look it up: this is an actual formal thing with equipment that can help you stay in control and avoid crashes.
Then you just keep your balance like you normally do on a bike, and the dog can't do much to throw you off.
(If you're trying to hold the leash in your hand, it will be much harder to balance, as you found out.)
your dog is a hero lol fuck cats
Don't worry about that tool.
No way for you to know your dog would destroy that cat.
You can't always predict how animals will react.
Just consider it a lesson learned and call it a day.
Plus...silver lining.
Now they can go adopt a new cat a save it from being killed at an animal shelter.
only improvement i can think of is impaling the cat on the edge of your yard as a warning sign, vlad style
You've got to be kitten me!
Unless the OP had a command for his dog to attack as, 'Get that little fucker!' or something very similar, I don't think you can blame the OP for sending the shepard on the cat.
Dogs aren't linguists.
Sounds like the dog was protecting his cat buddy and his yard.
I was going to talk about creatures potentially digging it up.
like foxes and dogs have been known to dig up human remains from the smell so a cat in a shallow grave will easily be dug up.
But Reddit isn't gonna keep it quiet.
Maybe Reddit is selling some girl scout cookies.
Maybe he buys our cookies, and this whole thing just dissapears.
"Your neighbors shouldn't let their cat wander unattended" Is this a joke?
What would you do, put it on a leash?
Keep it locked up in the house?
It's an animal, of course you should let it 'wander unattended' outside.
they won't give a fuck if it's on his property, it's a big scary-looking dog and it killed a cat and now that means it's dangerous and might start eating children.
It's not poisonous.
Not my favourite beverage, but still.
I've got power steering fluid find its way into my mouth, that was more ugly.
I've tried gasoline, diesel and motor oil, while siphoning the stuff out.
bad.
And while I was repairing power steering system on some car, the container has shot a stream of fluid (i'm not sure how) and it hit me right into my mouth.
I felt the taste even the other day.
Farm diesel tastes a bit better.
I hate you.
TIL DMB fans need to be drunk to suffer through the show
Think you meant voila, friend.
Violas are stringed musical instruments.
The dog doesn't understand words!
Dog's thoughts- "oh boy being released hey what is that asshole cat doing to my cat friend i will stop it lol this is fun i wonder when i can get bacon."
NOT dog's thoughts- "I have been ordered to injure and/or terminate this animal, henceforth referred to as 'fucker.' Target acquired, teeth hot."
that the neighbor knew of the asshole cat's dangerous propensities (in that it previously attacked the OP's cat), the neighbor would be liable for injuries to the OP's cat.
The dog had no known violent tendencies.
OP just shouldn't talk about this.
get killed by other animals all the time.
Nah, Viola was obviously the German .
Yeah, our dogs also killed our neighbours cat when it got into our yard.
Just don't say anything.
It's not worth it.
Is it bad I kinda want to see pics?
Give your dog a bath and wash it's mouth out.
Doggy oral hygiene is your friend.
Wipe down your picket fence and mow your lawn.
Don't want any remnants of cat bits.
your response was funny, i'll give you that "Target acquired, teeth hot", made me giggle like an idiot.
But my dog, as many others, understands a shitload of words, even more so they understand their master's body language, and aggressive posture.
I own a pug,(the helmet-wearers of the dog family), and if i even look stressed about something he'll posture up and growl in the general direction in which i'm oriented.
Not hatin on you sir, just my two cents.
It's his property.
He shouldn't have to consider the consequences.
A family member defended another family member against a violent intruder - that's all there is to it.
You wouldn't berate me for accidentally killing my neighbor if he was beating my wife, would you?
you because you're absolutely correct, but I'd like to add that the dog DOES understand the tone of your voice.
He could have said "I Love My Little Pony!" and if he said it mean enough the dog could have still attacked the cat.
In case anyone is keeping track:
Keep it locked up in the house?
Is the correct answer.
If you own an animal, your neighbors are complaining about it getting on there property and you have no way of keeping it on your property this is the only answer.
I found the story funny.
The neighbors got what they had coming.
Never talking about it ever again is damned good advice.
I'm gonna have to disagree.
You shouldn't let cats just roam around outside.
Yeah, it's an animal, but now because of all the people just letting their cats wander unattended almost every fucking city has a problem with feral cats.
My dog is an animal, but do I just let it roam around my neighborhood all day?
Fuck no.
I picture this as cat tied to a weather balloon, sent away to battle fighter planes.
The version I heard once was "No matter how much you shake your peg, the last drop always runs down your leg."
Have you ever had any kind of confrontation with your neighbors regarding the cat?
If so, they may come to you about the cat being missing after a time; be prepared to lie and say you havent seen it.
Are you good at lying, if not you may want to practice in the mirror or to someone who knows you well.
Have you ever had prolonged exposure to your neighbors?
These people could make serious trouble for you, so their first impression of you and how you reacted to being asked will be key in their memories.
if this was a beloved pet.
No, viola is short for "violate".
use: "i will viola your ass someday".
My neighbor's dog bobby used to chase me down the street every time I passed by, he even bit me once, he also abused my dog kimba every time he got the chance.
One day grandma was on her way back home, bobby crossed the street at the wrong place, wrong time and got run over.
He flew a couple of feet from the car and was unable to walk, he died a slow and painful death, and I enjoyed every minute of his heavy breathing until he died...
At least you felt bad for that cat.
A word of advice DON'T TELL ANYONE, the owners tried to sue because i had threatened to kill his dog that time he bit me.
They thought my grandma did it on purpose.
Just keep it to yourself, not all pets are nice, it's better now that stupid cat won't attack yours anymore.
I always make kitty confetti for my daughters birthday.
at his workplace will cancel and re-issue a check.
It usually takes a couple weeks but you haven't lost the money.
This is Fuck up of the week material you have there, mate!
Are you sure your neighbor doesn't use reddit?
There was a cat in my neighbourhood who'd go to my backyard to eat my cats' food and fight them, he even killed one of them.
I put traps in my yard and locked my surviving cat inside at night, I thought about putting poison but I thought it would be too dangerous for my kitten.
I wanted to kill it, I love cats, I'm a crazy cat person, but I really wanted that bastard dead.
I don't feel bad for it, and when it got run over by a car I felt happy.
Your dog's a hero, think of what could have happened to your cat if the other cat kept attacking him.
Don't tell anyone and give your dog a treat.
Just be careful and keep an eye on him when he's around your cat.
I'm 4'11" and weigh about 98 pounds.
He's over 6 feet tall.
Are you sure the cat was dead?
Was it possibly unconscious?
It seems like you didn't even make an effort to resuscitate it.
Unless of course the cat's head was tore off.
He's gonna help me look for it later but if we can't find it we're going to do that.
Thanks for the suggestion!
Just sic the dog on them too - I fail to see the problem.
Nice weather here in South eh?
bbhaaahahahaha!!...holy shit if this is true you had hahahh haha...
okay, im fine, no control over a series of unavoidable events that led to this little girl being deflowered by your football.
I have warned them several times to keep the cat off of my property
That's not how cats work...
Then spray everything with bleach, there can be no evidence.
VIOLA
I guess you can say he was re-strung.
In this case you have not seen the cat in a month.
Maybe even forgot it existed.
From the sound of it the poor mammal was pretty fargone, im sure OP had to check it somewhat as he buried it.
And then his neighbors have his dog put down and his other cat taken away because he is abusive owner, maybe find other random charges.
Better option is for this to never had happened, because it never happened.
to see here..
Move along..
Thats fine, let them if they feel that way.
BUT IF THEY DO: leave their address here, someone may want to visit them and do things 500% worse to them than what they did to Jojo.
I had the same fucking problem with the next door neibours dog attacking mine while she was chained up.
The fucker would come over and just start biting the shit out of her.
So one day I caught him in the act, and killed it.
I buried it down the road in a field, the neibour killed my dog, and I ended up in jail for 3 months when I beat him into a coma.
Its sad shit like this happens, but it does.
Yeah, it sounds like it.
I just hate the idea that the cat was possibly buried alive.
I love cats (and dogs), but this is the risk you take with your domestic cat's life by letting it live outside like a wild animal.
an outdoor cat more than halves feline life expectancy.
Wouldn't improperly caring for an animal that can't protect itself be considered being a jerk more than what OP did?
All OP did was own a dog.
German shepherds are known for being loyal and protective.
OP was on his property with his dog.
If he so much as yelled, "Hey!
Get away from my cat!" at the intruder, that could have been provocation enough for the dog to attack.
This is the neighbours' fault for not caring enough about their cat to keep it at home.
Dont be a dipshit for asking him to place himself into legal territory for damage that has been done to him.
100% agree.
Its time had come.
No cat that were fit would ever get caught by a dog.
First off, you can't blame a dog for being a dog.
, most municipalities have leash requirements for both cats and dogs.
If you let your cat roam free like that you can't be bent out of shape if it jumps into a yard with a dog and gets killed.
Cat owner's fault.
You can't domesticate an animal, thereby making it vulnerable and somewhat helpless, and then let it roam free.
That's animal cruelty.
But I agree with this.
it buried is asking for trouble in the future.
I never said the dog was at fault, so please don't imply that I did.
The humans are at fault, one for creating the situation, and the other for handling the situation inappropriately.
The most fucked up TIFU I've ever read :(
Dogs understand their owners way better than they are given credit for.
I'm thinking it's like "cat in sight+aggressive encouragement=playful aggression on target", then nothin' but ground beef.
The neighbors will kill OP's dog.
I'm sorry for nitpicking but I feel it's an important distinction.
a dog can't scale buildings or accelerate faster then most cars would brake...
although you shouldn't leave them all on their own just think of all the lost chances for pictures
Dig a really shitty grave and fill it in poorly.
Put some really out of place lawn decorations on it and make sure you whistle nonchalantly every time you walk past it.
Then, when the neighbor tearfully approaches you with rage burning in their eyes and malice in their heart, say "I didn't know you had a cat!" and wink at your dog.
I just hope that your neighbors aren't redditors...
No domestic animal should be roaming outside.
We had a huge controversy a couple towns over because of their now feral rabbit population which blew up because people were letting their bunnies roam.
The community was going to shoot over 300 rabbits because they were destroying crops for nearby farmers.
The town's people protested, so they instead spent some tax money re-homing the rabbits in a new sanctuary.
pays when you let your pets roam!
Not sure how it is everywhere else, but there are fines here if you let your animals roam, collar or no collar.
I'd like to point out that for most people even the idea of dogs roaming free is outrageous, but they don't blink if it is a cat and I see no difference.
You want a pet?
Treat it like one and be responsible for it, which means knowing what it is doing and where it is at all times.
Well, uhh, okay then.
Not that your cat deserves to die, she isn't at fault that you are an ass.
PS: My cat is the neighborhood looser as well, yet I managed to not kill anything in the last 10 years.
Thats why I was asking.
I wouldn't want these people to try and retaliate, and it sounds like they definitely would.
Since this is the case, I would absolutely go with what was stated below in that, "you have not seen the cat in a month".
This sounds eerily similar to my situation and I wouldnt want what happened to my friend to happen to you.
Yeah, it's not fun to think about, the whole situation is just bad all around.
this is the last of this story, he seems to have tied the loose ends.
Last thing that might happen may be a confrontation with the neighbor.
All he has to do is say he has no idea what happened.
One little thing though, covering the burial site is necessary, if things get ridiculous then any dig site will be obvious, probably could have hidden it a little better.
Reddit has not trained me in the art of 1st degree murder
Great idea; I quoted you above, haha.
OP opened the door and encouraged the dog, unaware of the consequences in a complete way, but very definitely egging the dog on to "get" the cat.
It's a terrible situation made worse by that shit.
quick edit: what itsamebirthdayboy is quite right I think.
A reckless act, a violent death, a fuck up to say the least, their partying does not matter, and sadly, yes probably not telling them is for the best.
It's a PET, not just an animal.
It is not self-sufficient and letting it wander unattended outside is irresponsible ownership.
Haha maybe funny for you!
Beyond painful for me as I was considering whether or not I needed stiches.
Not Bear but nearby, good call.
Did the guy wake up from the coma?
If so, how long was it?
I feel like other countries participate in "sports" that are way more dangerous than in the U.S.
So scary looking.
: Let me see your identification.
Obi-Wan: You don't need to see his identification.
: We don't need to see his identification.
Obi-Wan: These aren't the droids you're looking for.
: These aren't the droids we're looking for.
Obi-Wan: He can go about his business.
: You can go about your business.
Obi-Wan: Move along.
: Move along...
It is a well known fact that all dogs in america are just child eaters waiting for their time.
At least that's what my neighbor thinks of my dogs.
this gives a whole new meaning to my username :S
So...How 'bout them Blue Jays?
business works like this.
When your business starts to rise out of the neighborhood community, you have to understand you won't be able to please everyone, and competition becomes killer.
Mom Pop shops usually can stay nice to each other.
Yeah, its a bad situation, there's only one good way out.
It might even help to throw in the olive branch and even off to search or put up fliers.
Then burn your house down and move to Africa suddenly.
Change names.
I want to see a scenario like this play out on the show .
Get a girlfriend, start a new life together.
One day she gets shot while driving across a bridge, you have to leave her dead body behind.
From that day forward you start to take revenge.
to the mission Mr.Bourne.
I think offering to help them, since there seems to be bad blood, would make them suspicious.
I know that if this same situation occurred and suddenly, my one neighbor-who we happen to not get along with at all.
All of a sudden offered to help, well, I'd be really suspicious as to their motives.
Cats are territorial, Cat #1 encroached on Cat #2's territory.
Cat #2's K9 buddy helped defend the homeland.
I was thinking on this earlier.
What if they happen to be redditors?
Or if they have a friend who is?
Wouldn't this post be dangerous to have lying around on the internet?
True, thats a better angle on the situation.
I take back what I said then, just keep playing my cards like nothing happened.
THEY JUST WANT TO LOVE YOU!
That leaves corpses, though.
ohh
Yeah, unfortunately being the head of an HOA has given me lots of insight into the insanity of neighbor dynamics.
Lawns cause shit to go down.
This is one of my number one most infuriating things ever.
How can you be responsible for your pet if it is wandering around outdoors?
How can you be angry at ANYONE if something happens to your cat (or dog) while it is roaming unattended?
If you want it to live like a wild animal, accept the risks of life as a wild animal.
Funny the difference.
If a cat wanders free and damages property or attacks people/animals/kids, it's just "being a cat", but if my dog walks beside me off-leash, it's a threat to public safety.
Sorry for the unrelated comment, but this comment relieves me greatly.
Phil sounds like a good name.
Sent dog to scare away neighbors cat, dog turned cat into confetti.
This made me laugh more than it should.
The availability and popularity of bath salts to dogs in the US has done nothing but aggravate this problem
I definitely feel sorry for the cat.
It was just acting like a cat, same as the dog was just protecting its family.
It's the cat's owner who is at fault, especially after OP mentioned he had spoken with them about the cat coming into his yard more than once.
Poor kitty.
I've seen some crazy stuff too man, I know that feel.
Its like trying to be a step below the police and handle minor situations, usually things mellow out but the extreme cases can just be disastrous.
Make sure to bury the corpse extra deep so that your dog doesn't dig it up later.
That would take some explaining.
(Longer reply so I assume I made few mistakes, my isn't very good.
Sorry for that.)
I do the same with my cat, because of the neighbors dog and several bigger cats (at least 2 are stronger then her).
I guess what i'm trying to say is that if you think your animal is wandering into places it shouldn't be it's your responsibility to do something about it, not mine.
Hit her with your truck when you happen to see her on the street because it would have been the owners responsibility to keep her of the street.
Ugh I know.
The worst is when you get new people to the neighborhood.
We live in a gated community so, naturally, people FREAK OUT when something is amiss.
These new people one time used those big blow up things at on their lawn.
Big no-no.
I had to go over there and tell them.
I thought we were going to have a brawl.
I was so glad I took my husband and his brother with me.
The most awkward thing ever; having to watch someone take down their decorations with their little kids a week before .
I just realized your name is "the man carp cometh." He he.
I hope you're neighbor doesn't have a reddit account.
It is how doors work though.
I want to do this in full costume to a cop one day when pulled over for a traffic violation.
12 is not old for a cat...
Not gonna lie, the way this story was told made me laugh a bit.
the TL;DR.
Farm remembers
It's so difficult to stop cats though - not much you can do short of locking them up.
Yeah, feels bad man.
My neighborhood is pretty standard, nothign too out of the ordinary.
Fence height regulations around the corners of roads rustled some peoples jimmys, but that's about it aside from just pure random things.
is fun, but kinda scary having to watchout for anything and everything.
He is pawsitively not joking!
Today you made an equipment repairman / manufacturer very happy.
Yeah I understand that.
We dont have fence height problems and rarely do we have problems like the one I mentioned.
But it's always little stupid niggling shit.
Things where I'm just like, "?"
But Farm ain't just gonna keep quiet.
It was a purrfect pun
No by my logic if the driver then says "well deserves them right for letting their cat be stronger then mine" he is an ass.
One last :If your cat takes over the territory and your neighbors three doors down the road tell you they don't want her on their property.
What do you do?
How do you keep her from going there?
This puns are making me sick; I'm no longer feline well.
Are you honestly saying letting a cat is animal cruelty?
I don't know where all you people are from but where I live it's considered cruel to not let animals go outaide
In case you haven t maybe you should change the names of the animals.
Also maybe not be precise about where you buried the cat in this post.
Refer to 's response to the comment, lol.
I'm sure you get it by now, but never mention this.
Dig that cat back up, bag it, and dispose of it so the body isn't on your property.
Any number of animals might dig that up again.
If your neighbours ask you if you have seen their cat, all you need to say is a "no", or "not recently".
No need to mention that their are roads nearby or anything else.
It's not as if they are your friends.
The only thing that would come of mentioning this would be a threat to your dog's life.
It's not the dog's fault, especially because he didn't just charge the cat as it leisurely strolled across your yard.
I don't blame you either.
I don't think you are a cruel person who wanted to kill a cat.
The only thing I dislike is that you let your cat out in the first place, but you didn't mention, so for all I know he is leashed in your yard when the neighbour's cat attacks.
We didn't noticed the cat until it jumped.
It had no provocation from my dog and it wasn't as though we were walking right against its fence.
I dropped the leash to give my dog room to get the cat off and so I could try to grab the back of the cat's neck to help.
It held on and kicked with it's back feet, claws out.
When she finally threw the cat off, it ran at us twice more.
My dog never lunged or snapped her jaws.
All she did was move in front of me and bark at the cat to scare it away.
She shook blood out of her ears all the way home.
And yet if she had killed or hurt that cat, what would the headlines say?
German Cross Kills Cat.
And if the owners of the cat wanted someone to blame for their irresponsibility, who would it be?
The big, "vicious" dog that the "little girl couldn't control".
Double standards, man.
You said you warned them about keeping it off your lawn...
ITS A CAT ARE YOU SERIOUS
You can't keep the cat from going somewhere.
Talk to a lawyer and/or your department of labor.
What your boss is doing (withholding pay) sounds pretty illegal.
Also, just because your boss says you quit doesn't necessarily make it so.
You can likely fight for unemployment.
It sure sounds like you got fired to me.
that was really a shitty thing to do to that cat...
you deserve to lose your dog for being such a shitty pet owner.
WTF your an asshole.
I can't believe no one has said this yet:
Go to the police before you tell your neighbors and they do it themselves.
That protects you and your dogs infinitely better than just staying silent.
If your neighbors aren't capable of their cat's safety and well-being, they are not fit to place blame any more than they're fit to be petowners.
letting a cat fend for itself is cruel.
They've been domesticated for generations.
They can't properly defend themselves from wild animals or protect themselves from the elements.
On top of that, you're exposing them to traffic, getting picked up by the pound, and other people who like to throw things, set fire to, and otherwise torture animals for a laugh.
you deserve to have your dog put down, your an asshole.
anyone who downvotes have done something wrong in their lifes!
My cat is an asshole and punches people all the time.
I let her outside because she's a cat and was raised outside for a majority of her life before my family got her.
Cats do that shit.
I could see her doing this to someone else's cat, but never any complaints from anyone.
It takes much effort for a cat to kill another cat.
If I had multiple altercations with a neighbor who just got a dog and saw any freshly tilled soil on their lawn I would assume that the dog got to my cat.
I say this with no hesitation that in the dead of night I would firebomb your house starting with the children's rooms if I was on the receiving end of that dead cat.
I am more than willing to consider that you took longer to intervene than you said.
Cats don't die in seconds while their owners are within 50 yards.
You told your dog to kill that cat.
Saying "get him" is a kill command for a dog concerning a small animal.
You didn't "fuck up" as if it was an accident.
The fact that you're trying to hide it highlights that it wasn't an accident.
It is cruel for you to hide the fact that your neighbors cat is dead.
So, if your neighbors are like me you should definitely stand sentry whenever possible.
I can confirm this.
Before my dog died I used to yell weird stuff like "turtle fish balls" but aggressively towards my brothers and that little bitch of a poodle would attack.
But if I said "go get him" nicely she would have laid down and started to want to play.
There's a difference between "letting a cat fend for itself" and giving an animal who likes to be outside the chance to chase some butterflies.
This made me think this was a sadistic person.
There is something wrong with talking about the cat this way.
And laughing about it.
I know this sub is about honest admissions, but this seems a bit messed up.
Your way of talking about the cat that got killed is strangely callous.
It is, frankly, hard to see that you are such a cat lover as you say.
I think you're missing a boat in there somewhere.
Best dog ever.
man, this...
ruined my day
Shit luck bro.
Hope you're doing okay.
:( don't know what all i can say, but just to stay strong..
sorry to hear about this
But that would mean you did a service by burying it after it "got run over".
It really shouldn't claws you to feel so bad.
You can't keep the cat from going somewhere but doesn't a property owner have a right to say I don't want your cat on his/her property?
You're basically saying that you can't stop the cat from goin places so said porperty owners just needs to learn to live with it.
btw, I have cats but I keep them inside.
The cat wasn't an animal.
JoJo killed Hitler.
I can't even laugh at this.
I think I just don't understand.
for "helmet-wearers of the dog family." So true.
Why even bother posting this?
To make yourself feel better?
In the LEAST you should be apologizing profusely to the owners of the cat.
You say the cat is 12 years old yet no one will notice it's gone.
Dog's don't need to speak english to understand tone and emotion.
You gave a command that was followed, and now you are scared you will have to suffer the repercussions of your actions.
I wish I knew who you were so I could call both the police and the owners of the cat you killed.
Edit for grammar.
it might seem like a long shot, but redditors have done crazy things in the past ...
Reddit is cruel and unpredictable.
Don't trust it with your secrets!
Gotta pack a spear next time.
Also: Cat buddy sobers up and sleeps outside now.
Yes it's a complicated situation which is why both parties involved need to behave like humans and not like animals.
your dog in the garden not only while knowing that there's a cat in it but because of it is an asshole move and the reason why OP is at fault in that case.
I came here to say this.
pay like that is definitely not something he can legally get away with and refusing to come in early is not the same as quitting.
You might be able to get your back pay as well as unemployment benefits if not get your job back (if that is what you want) for wrongful termination if you choose to fight it.
Don't just sit by and let it happen though, you have definitely been wronged.
Yeah, I would've sided with the OP but I've had a ton of cats and dogs and aggressive encouragement like 'GET HIM' is seriously a cue for that dog to go nuts.
I really hope the owners find out and get some kind of justice out of it.
They may be assholes but that's in no way relevant to letting your dog murder their cat.
The difference is supervision.
So your cat doesn't understand borders but you do, hmm...
can't do anything about this.
I own cats, I wish I could let them roam becuase they'd enjoy it.
But as the HUMAN in this situation I know that it's not practical.
Many things could happen to them and they'd end up pissing off my neighbors.
Some cat owners apperently just don't understand this.
Please be considerate to your cats health and your neighbors and keep your cats inside.
so, the people that let their cat wander and attack other animals multiple times ARENT assholes and shitty pet owners?
It's never easy when your pet kills a neighbour's pet.
I think what is worse in my case is I actually killed a cat protecting my pet.
This cat used to attack my rabbit regularly.
Jump into the garden and chase her around, terrifying her, and scratching her up.
I'd run out and scream something loudly and the cat would flee in cowardly fear.
Then one day it began clawing at my rabbit and she just laid down, terrified.
This cat began to claw at her eyes whilst she tried to cover up.
It was genuinely going to blind and kill her.
I freakin' loved that rabbit so I ran out and did something in desperation.
To get the cat away as quickly as possible, I ran up and booted the cat.
I didn't think I did it hard, but I realized when it reverberated along my foot and the cat hit the back fence.
So I observed from the upstairs window and saw the cat laying down on the middle of the ground, not moving.
I later heard my neighbour, significantly distressed, telling his wife the cat wasn't moving.
The next day I woke up and there was a small mound of dirt.
I never heard anything of it..
6 years ago, I fucked up.
That boss begged for a beat down.
I can't believe you stayed as long without pay as you did.
Go on your way and sue him for what he owes you plus anything else you can think of, duress, suffering, etc.
Oh, and leave you husband in the dust, what a prick.
Time for down votes but: Good.
I hate people defending cats being complete and fucking assholes for "Their nature" but guess what its a dogs nature to protect his domain.
So, it was his nature to shit all over that cat that was fucking up your cat.
People get on him for "not properly training his animal" i'm going to say it both ways, train your cat properly to stay the fuck off his property.
I probably would have shot the cat if it was as much of a problem as OP is making it out to be, especially if it was constantly a nuisance on my property.
Hi-Five.
Hey man, change your dog's name to protect your identity if you haven't already!
Agree with this whole heartedly, Your dog did nothing in the wrong, neither did you.
TIL Home Owner's hate
This whole thread is a catastrophe.
Sphinx what you want but this story was just all bad.
Next time that cat could be a small child.
You called your dog to come back and your dog didn't respond.
Your dog is dangerous and needs destroying.
Your neighbour will be sat in hope that their beloved cat will return, when you know it won't.
Man up and go tell the neighbour what happened.
You sir are a massive douchebag.
Let's justify the killing of one animal by killing another.
But Farm ain't just gonna keep it to Farm's self.
An untrained cat might be a nuisance but an untrained dog is a serious danger to small children as well for example.
That's one hell of a good dog you've got there.
Dog did nothing wrong.
its cat sibling from being hurt.
No blame in that at all.
He deserved a treat for it.
I think it's because you told the dog to go after it.
The dog thought, "Oh man, master wants me to kill that thing!" and didn't necessarily consider the animal.
For future reference, don't command your dog to go after things unless you want it killed.
Don't blame yourself, and I'm not trying to sound like a douche (because I know that came off cunt-y, and I apologize).
But yeah, don't tell anyone anything ever.
Maybe your SO if you think she can keep it to herself, but yeah.
You saw nothing.
Meow why am I still reading this thread?
Unless OP's dog has cat-murdering puppies.
So what you are proposing is that all the cat owners in the world only let their cats out if they are standing watching them?
Be realistic.
I am pretty certain that considering how many cats are left to roam free, what happened with OP's dog is fairly rare.
bad has happened to any of them and we are surrounded by dogs, as well as having 3 dogs in the house.
I personally think it would be cruel to prevent cats from doing what they like to do.
We don't live in the inner city, or by busy roads, and they are not house cats.
Please read harder?
I said it would NOT be fair to the (other) animal.
it would NOT be justified to kill an animal in the name of another.
how about you don't let the cat outside...I've NEVER had an outdoor cat for many reasons.
This is one of them.
It didn't, but it beat the shit out of the OP's cat all the time.
In OP's defense, his dog has never had an issue with cats in general; he had no reason to think this situation would end so terribly.
The cat did not deserve to die, but the neighbor cat's owners and the cat are both at fault.
someone has done something wrong in your life for you to be stuck with that grammar.
Agreed, they have nothing on you OP aslong as you don't have security cameras, if you do, wipe them, JoJo does not deserve death out of a cats idioticness
Lets just paws this before it gets outta hand
well ever heard of mittens?
lots of obese cats or generally un-athletic ones
Ummm, gonna need you to defend that statement.
OP let his dog onto his property where it attacked an uncontrolled animal attacking another member of his household.
Tell me why you think he deserves to have the dog put down, and why you think the dog deserves death for acting instinctually.
If you call the police, then I guarantee you the dog gets put down.
If a dog bites a human being where I live they are killed.
You thing shredding somebodies pet will just result in a slap on the wrist?
I'm not sure what you mean by that mittens thing...?
Yea okay, leave it unattended, just don't be mad when it gets killed for being somewhere it should not
I can't imagine that and giggle.
I do not like the idea of confetti in this context.
I do not think it is funny.
It is sickening.
I am not even TRYING to "say the right thing".
I find this affirmation of "confetti" appalling, tasteless and indicating that something is awry.
has been missed in this.
Do not talk about someone's pet being confetti to me.
Or sic'ing the dog on the cat.
Any of that shit.
Get it the fuck away from me.
TIFU by telling Reddit my dog killed the neighbor's cat.
Stupid...
Get bitten by a cat, its fine its a cat LOL, get bitten by a dog OH SHIT GET THAT DOG HES GONNA BE A LITTLE TERROIST AND CRASH INTO A BUILDING WOAAAH
I haven't been subscribed to TIFU for too long, but this is seriously one of the biggest fuck ups I've read.
Shit happens though, cats can be assholes.
I have a really big asshole for a cat.
I also have a husky, and it's a miracle the dog hasn't snapped and killed the cat for being such a dick to everyone.
Yep, want it to wander?
accept the dangers
where eddie murphy plays everyone in the scene.
and the pig.
Dog #1 attacks Dog #2, Dog #2 does nothing
Catch Dog #1 in the act, kill it after what i assume was countless confrontations with the neighbour
kills your dog for no good reason
Beat him into a coma with good reason
fucking hell i hate the law system
ahahahaha no
I see that cat had never played "catty-doggy." - I'll see myself out.
Gall bladder especially, along with several smaller glands around the anus and most dangerously, the stomach.
The acid will begin to putrify the meat way too fast, which is why you go for a lung hit when shooting a deer.
I'm very confused as to how you expect owners to keep a cat off your property.
Isn't it normal for cats to walk all over the place?
Or do americans not let their cats out?
This is the best TIFU ever!
All my upvotes for you.
It's the neighbor's fault for not having better cat control.
That furball kept attacking your cat.
It was bound to have justice wring it's neck.
Call it Karma if you will.
Well then he'll just have to dig more graves.
I don't have a flintlock, I simply said that I was going to surprise duel that dog with a flintlock.
This is real, but the dog in question was not shot with the flintlock I do not have.
You didn't even try to make this plausible.
He's a big Zone of the Enders fan.
We've made major strides since then!
inb4 neighbors are redditors.
don't understand.
Just anything to cover the obvious sign of the grave and stop animals digging the cat up.
Even a large paving slab will be fine as long as it doesn't look to out of place.
Hardly expect some huge CSI investigation...
ex-cat
I guess I'm a bad person, but this made me laugh.
Minor quibble...
Most dogs can in fact accelerate from 0 to about 15 mph several times faster than a car.
Our dog can reach about 75% of his top speed in 3 body lengths.
dog turned cat into confetti
catfetti
Yeah, he woke up finally.
He was in a coma for 3 days due to the concussion.
He ended up with three broke ribs, left wrist fractured, left hip dislocated, 3 lower vertabra crushed, and a broken jaw+cheek.
If my wife had not heard the commotion, I would have killed him.
He won't get a third chance.
So he teases you and it's okay but the moment you say something to him it's reprehensible?
Which one of you is really on their period?
Fair enough, that actually makes a lot of sense, thank you.
Can I be your passenger when this happens?
something something cat.
I imagined the "JoJo, get that little fucker" line to be in a german mobster accent.
Pussy.
even if he did have a command for his dog to attack I don't think there is anything his neighbors could do except be angry, the cat was on his property after all.
I'm still working on it.
My dog got loose once and killed the neighbor's cat.
, the cat was pretty old and getting close to being put down.
They didn't report our dog.
Also, my other neighbor's dog attacked my cat, similarly to how your dog attacked your neighbor's cat.
, the owner intervened quicker and after much surgery/having her arm in a sling for a bit, she fully recovered.
Still healthy at 14 years old.
We did not report their dog.
I would go talk to them.
It was a cat, not a person, and it's common nature for dogs to go after cats.
Also, when people decide to let their cats be outdoor cats, they have ton consider all the risk factors: predators, cars, getting lost, etc.
Why only $100?
I'm hesitant about calling a doctor when I might not need to.
I heal pretty quickly, so it wasn't too surprising.
, I volunteer at the United State's #1 ranked hospital, so I can always get someone to look at it if I need.
Oh god it's back...
I don't show off my scars, because almost all of them are from my inability to stand vertically for prolonged periods of time.
The only one from a serious injury is on the bottom of my foot, and it doesn't even have a cool story.
This one on my knee is just visible when I'm in shorts.
You were defending your property from somebody elses cat.
Out here there are cats that literally use my mom's garden as a bathroom and destroy a lot of hew flowers that are too valuable for me to be able to spell properly.
We're considering getting a pellet gun.
As of late they've been pissing near our swamp cooler on the roof and it blows into our house.
The cat had it coming.
If it would have been where it fucking belonged, it wouldn't have happened.
It was not your fault at all.
If they had not paid you in three weeks, there's little chance that the pay would come anytime soon.
It's more than likely they simply did not have the funds to pay you: a death knell for any company.
Not to mention, the company is unreliable, the management unstable, and you're in the middle of a sort of emotional storm between the two higher ups.
I don't think what you did was the ideal way of handling the situation, but leaving that place was a good move in the long run.
Talk to your local department of labor to get reimbursed for your unpaid working days.
The sooner the better, as the longer the employer fails to pay you, you get more money back (for some US states, at least).
, you made 100 bucks out of NOTHING!
I'm curious about the inability to stand vertically.
Is this cause by middle ear problems?
Were you born like that or is it because of some illness/injury?
I hope this isn't bothering you, as people who fall down for no reason are genuinely interesting.
This was out of your control.
Dogs are naturally territorial prey driven animals.
cat fucker shouldnt have tempted fate.
The least you could do is let them know that their cat is dead.
Even if you somehow wrote them an anonymous note it would be a relief for them.
As a cats and dog owner myself, I would want to know.
Not letting them know would be a really dickish move and in that case I hope you burried the cat on some kind of King pet cemetery.
Only if you're willing to dress up as a droid.
THAT DOG BIT ME, HE HAS KILLER INSTINCT!
You pulled his tail...
Fuck that cat.
Aint nobody messing with 's bunny.
That dog doesn't need to be destroyed, it may be a pet but it's still an animal and that cat was stepping to in its yard.
That is pretty horrible.
If you injure an animal grievously at least put it out of its misery.
the neck works well for small animals.
But here's my asshole
So call me maybe
I don't know if I should feel sad...
Or laugh
Dress up?
I dress as a droid normally.
I'm with you.
It's a little depressing seeing you get downvoted for this.
You just left it there to die slowly?
You are a beautiful, intelligent being who deserves to feel secure and rewarded when working for a company's gain.
Every penny lost is worth it if you no longer throw up before work.
No one hates you, you are surrounded by a universe of love, never let anyone make you think otherwise.
You are a beautiful, intelligent being who deserves to feel secure and rewarded when working for a company's gain.
Every penny lost is worth it if you no longer throw up before work.
No one hates you, you are surrounded by a universe of love, never let anyone make you think otherwise.
You are a victim of a lurking turd.
They are quite common though seldom discussed, for obvious reasons.
The turd lays in the bottom of the colon and allows gas to build up over it.
When the innocent victim opens the gate to let the gas out, the turd slips out and voila, shit in your shorts.
Best fuck up ever.
Oh dear god, dude.
I was already mortified with what I did.
I was thirteen and terrified, I didn't want to to kill it.
I was hoping it'd live.
So true!
TIL that I am a bad person.
I laughed after reading the title.
Oh, okay.
I was picturing an adult but yeah, kids make dumb decisions.
Look at it this way, the neighbor's cat probably bullied more cats than just yours.
There are probably many other cats out there very grateful for this incident.
Plus you just saved countless little birds and lizards from an early death.
You must now rescue a cat from the local shelter to even out your real life karma.
They did what it took to save their animal.
I literally pissed myself laughing at the title.
upisao sam se jebote :D
My memory was indeed shaky.
I appreciate that my good man.
Ain't NOBODAYYY.
Yeh in the uk I have never heard of not letting the cat out :S although I can imagine keeping it as a house cat if you lived in a city.
Well, all he was intending was to joke around, and he didn't know how sensitive I was so things like that.
I said it with the intention of hurting his feelings.
If this happened to one of my cats, I would murder the dog.
I wouldn't have an asshole cat like this, though.
Well they both suck to be honest, but yes farm diesel tastes less shitty lol.
DAMN NATURE..
YOU SCARY!
No but I have no doubts if he got a decent lawyer he could win by arguing the cat was attacking his.
It's beside the point.
NOT calling the police because the dog MIGHT be killed is ludicrous.
The human "justice" system is another (man made) entity.
Also it is not up to you or me to judge.
Who says the dog isn't viscous and will gladly do it again?
Who says the dog isn't the sweetest thing ever and will never again hurt a fly?
You nor I are in a position to make that judgement.
But something to think about: That dog KILLED that animal.
And then tossed it around repeatedly.
Not just killed and retreated or something.
Just something to ponder.
And now that the dog has killed and tasted fresh blood, the dog would most likely repeat the same action given the situation.
Would you feel ok living next to this man's dog.
would you feel safe?
Would you feel safe for your pets?
Your small children?
Would we all be acting the same way if the dog had killed a toddler instead of a cat?
That's really odd that they made you drink it while laying down in the machine, wow.
I've had to do the whole barium thing, and they always had me drink it in a patient exam room, then take me to do the procedure.
I wish you would have included a TL:DR
( is how I imagine you after typing this
Fuck cats.
Yeah, I said it.
Cats are assholes and they make my eyes itch to high heavens.
If you own a cat then you're a boring loser and I hope a mauls you and your stupid cat.
It has to do with how your food tube is affected by different pressures on it.
They made me lay down on my back, and they were intending on having me drink it through a straw while laying on my side but puke happened.
animal control officer here.
every jurisdiction is different, but where I work, if this incident happened on your own property, you are not liable for the death of the cat.
the cat was trespassing.
, I'd still keep quiet for the sake of keeping the peace with your neighbor, though.
So you have a breed of dog that is known for its intelligence and attack instincts, and you sick it on someone's pet because it 'annoyed' you?!
You're a piece of shit.
Not a problem :]
Your rabbit loves you more than you'll ever know.
that makes more sense.
My procedure was different-- it didn't have to do with swallowing.
I think it was to check the function of some organ..
I don't know which.
It was along the course of treatment several years ago, and I don't specifically remember what it was for..
strokes chin
My bunny is dead now.
Why would your dog get put down for attacking a cat?
Here you would just get fined and Jojo would have the label " Dog", requiring signage around the house and for you to pay higher licensing every year.
I've never heard of a dog getting put down for killing a cat.
And honestly?
Jojo needs that "vicious" label, if he'll kill another animal and completely ignore your commands while doing so.
Train your fucking dog, man.
When you say "Come" he should come.
Where I live in Canada it's illegal for cats to be "at large" - aKa off the owner's property.
Have you tried calling your city bylaw officers/police, before you start shooting cats that have never done anything to you?
Most people will send animal services around and warn owners about nuisance animals.
You start shooting housepets with a pellet gun, you're going to be in major shit if anyone catches you.
Don't let your fucking cats out of the house unless its on a leash is the lesson here.
No responsible owner lets their dogs run around their neighborhoods.
Please consider making your cat an "inside cat" from now on.
The average life expectancy for outdoor kitties is 5 years, for indoor cats it's 14.
Was the cat tied up like the lizard /b/ turned airborne?
Stop being such an asshole.
I can't let my dogs run around harassing people just because "they were raised outside" or "dogs do that shit".
If you aren't a responsible pet owner by training your animal or keeping it inside then its your own fucking fault.
I also like how you would respond to yourself being an idiot by firebombing someones house, possibly killing their children.
Nice one there.
They should be expecting that kind of shit and not freaking out.
I had a neighbor's dog come after my cat once.
I heard it give chase and chased IT down and beat the holy living FUCK out of it with bare fists.
After it escaped and went back home I yelled at the neighbor lady about it and she said "But my dog loves cats!"
edit: The dog had my cat in it's mouth and was starting to shake her to death...FYI.
It was about a 45-lb terrier mix.
Haven't done anything to us?
Anyway, yes.
Said cat has been turned in to the pound THREE TIMES and EACH TIME the owners go pick it right back up.
All we can really do is bitch to property management (you're only supposed to have one pet per household, they have at least four or five) - nothing gets done.
They have not been fixed, they have diarrhea and vomit everywhere.
God only knows what kind of disease they carry.
I'm all kinds of against animal abuse, but these fucking things aren't house cats, they're vermin parasitic pests ruining our property.
We've tried everything we CAN do for the last four YEARS.
Moving on to the next logical step.
We will warn the owner one last time then be picking up either a pellet or soft air pistol.
No, the TIL reddit hates cats is a whoosh, because it's just being redundant with ratherunimpressed's joke.
everybody kills Hitler on their first trip.
Aside from that, I don't know what to say.
Sounds like a shitty deal.
I still think shooting a cat (who I assure you is not puking/breeding/spraying/fighting just to offend you) is a pretty terrible thing to do.
I'm worse.
I was out of town for a weekend, came home, crashed, went to work, got home, dragged the garbage can down to the curb, cracked a beer, and went out into my backyard.
Uh-oh, something's floating in the pool.
Dead cat.
So, I fished the dead cat out of the pool, stuffed it in a garbage bag.
Walked down to the curb carrying a stinky garbage bag with a dead cat in it.
There's a little girl down there, with a handful of flyers, putting a flyer in my mailbox.
I recognize her as a kid from two doors down.
"Mister, my cat is lost!
Have you seen Boots?
She's all black with white feet an a white spot on her head." She hands me the flyer.
I grab it with my free hand.
Yep, that's the cat.
So I'm standing there with a "Lost Cat" flyer in one hand and a black trash bag containing the dead, rotten corpse of her cat in the other.
Open garbage can, dump the dead cat in.
Slam it shut.
"Nope, haven't seen it.
I'll keep an eye out, though."
"Thanks, mister."
She walked on to the next house with her flyers.
I crumpled mine up and threw it in the garbage.
, fucking hide what's left of the cat if you can, fair chance Jojo will get put down if the neighbours find out.
But yeah that is totally fucked up, and I only advice this because I like dogs more than cats, your neighbours are probably devastated.
That's probably because dogs kill kids.
She has punched out more than one screen.
The other cat is strictly indoors.
I agree with this guy.
DON'T TELL ANYBODY!!!
eh, our cat disappeared once.
We really didnt give it much thought once we assumed he had died.
Not much you can do about it.
It was funny when he came back 18 months later though.
Who asked you for the ride again?
Fuck him.
I would get in his face just to see what he would do.
That story was hilarious and completely deserved the use of "lol" out loud at that did ya?
Delete facebook.
Hit the gym.
Lawyer up.
Cats roam around outside.
It's kinda their thing.
Not all cats are fit for outdoors but others are outside cats or mostly outside cats.
As long as they are fixed I see no problem with it.
(unless it causes trouble like OPs neighbor)
hopefully it isn't microchipped
That's like all the money in the world when you convert it to 12 year old dollars.
Ah, the good old days when you became a fan of things instead of liking them.
/nostalgia
Fuck you, man.
At least give the poor little girl some closure.
I'm really hoping this isn't even a true story.
Maybe an anonymous letter?
"Dear neighbor, I found a deceased cat that looked a lot like one of yours, so I buried it.
I hope it's not yours, but if it is, I'm sorry for your loss." I dunno.
They might seem like assholes, but don't let your fear of their retaliation turn you from an animal-loving human into a calloused asshole as well.
Also, given the situation as you've described it, they may suspect you if they notice the cat missing and retaliate anyways.
Be a decent person and let them know somehow.
I think suggesting this after the weight-snafu today he's asking for a lot of trouble.
Nah, I got a refund and I bought a DDR3-compatible motherboard and 8GB of DDR3.
It was cheaper than buying 8GB of DDR2.
I appreciate your offer, though.
I hate to say this but you're an asshole for not telling the neighbors.
And now I am utterly terrified that one of my cats will do something stupid and get killed by something/someone.
Does it make me a bad person if I laughed at the story?
they are not all warranty engine swaps.
How come they burn all the oil after 3k?
At first I was like, "How the fuck?" then I was like, "Ohh that's how the fuck."
Lock your damn doors.
My dog ran away for like three weeks.
When we finally found him he was covered in ticks and very sick.
Any time he goes out side now, we tied that motherfucker down.
If you're gonna own an animal, you have to be responsible for that animal.
No ifs ands or buts about it.
slow fap
You're an asshole.
Plain and simple.
Was your cat defenseless?
No, it has it's own claws.
You killed someones pet, and even worse, JoJo will have to pay the consequences if anyone finds out.
You're an irresponsible piece of shit and should not be allowed to have a pet.
Give your head a shake and think before you act next time.
In that case you may want to move the evidence
yes, everyone will be so distracted by the pot plant nobody will think to wonder if the garden is actually a grave.
in time, its death will be a mystery.
even to you.
I had to drink that liquid when I was 13 for a weird digestive issue I was having.
I shat chalk for a week.
Good on you for upchucking it.
All 20 of the pigs, but in fat suits.
Yeah, when you're camping in the middle of nowhere you're supposed to pick the spot carefully.
I'll admit I just sorta pointed at the map and said, "Yep, been there.
Let's go."
I can neither confirm or deny that, since I am keeping this account somewhat anonymous so I don't have to keep using throwaways.
But it is in .
My friend tried to taze one on our way out, but we stopped it since we were not sure if it was legal or safe.
And we also did not want him to get that fucking close to an angry pig.
Was drunk out of my mind when I posted, but I put one up.
Still not used to this whole thing, to be honest.
Bought a $600 laptop a couple of months ago.
Can run BF3 on medium settings.
The catch was the Nvidia 540m card rather than a shitty Intel.
If it has an Intel video adapter, never buy it.
It limits what the machine can do way too much to be worth it.
I don't know where you live, but here in laws are fucking insane.
My buddy wanted to buy a new puppy (he has 3 dogs and one was hit by a car and died).
They looked up his grandfather's animal records and found out he had two other dogs.
So apparently the trainer said "By state law we need to see if your animals are compatible." I'd love to see where this law came from.
But the dog he brought to test (he drove three fucking hours) was old, yet the same age as the others.
The guy also said something about how the dog he brought seems abused (I've seen this dog before and after the car accident, believe me when i say this dog was showing emotion.
So basically people take animals too seriously, of course care and love em.
But these creatures lived in freezing weather and extreme heat, and defended themselves from being something else's food, before humans domesticated them.
Your dog was just doing it's part in the food chain.
But i assure you that cat's owner and authorities would think that you're an unfit owner.
Keep the cat's murder between you and your dog.
You have only one, humane option.
Get the cat's corpse, now, before it gets all decayed and stuff and then slap that baby in the freezer to preserve it.
Then, you wait.
they will put up 'reward: lost cat' flyers.
This is when you defrost the fluffysicle, put it in a paper bag, and knock on their door.
When they answer, you go, "Found it, mother fucker" and then alpha dog them right in the eyes, Don't break eye contact, DON'T YOU DARE.
This is how you establish dominance.
I love your TL;DR!
I don't think you should feel too bad about this.
Your neighbor was an asshole.
There are no bad pets, only bad owners.
Your neighbor is responsible for the safety of its pet.
Let me be clear, anybody who deliberately and intentionally harms a creature for their own amusement is a serious piece of shit.
Humans who let their companion animals wander unsupervised are also in part responsible for what happens to them.
You have an Asus don't you.
that happens with my dog I feel like shit for the rest of the day and I give her a treat every hour/couple of hours.
( - detects and installs missing drivers.
Cheers to you.
Death to cats.
Got it for my birthday for college last .
I feel so fucking bad for fucking it up because I got it for my birthday and this is the second laptop I've had.
My first however was an Asus and that fucked up because the charging pin bent from having my charger connected in a weird angle and since then I haven't used an Asus laptop.
Was the cat's name Dio?
assuming anyone has the balls to pull over a stormtrooper
Wouldn't this be second degree, as it wasn't premeditated?
Does it need to connect to the wireless to get the drivers?
Or can I just install that and let it do it's thing?
Both
on ( you will need to download the full version, the full version has all the drivers that will install offline.
The lite version needs an internet connection as it downloads the drivers as required from the internet.
It sounds like you should use the full version.
I guessed because I used to work on computers for a living.
How old is it?
are the only manufacturer of computers who still gives you the recovery disc in the box.
Did you use that?
No, that'll just remind them of the cat, and OP doesn't want any sort of cat-OP connection forged in the neighbor's minds.
I used that to reinstall windows in the first place.
Which is why I thought the drivers would be installed.
I might try that soon enough as a last resort before returning it.
That's pretty much what all be doing all of tomorrow.
There's just something hurting an animal that crushes me.
Now I gotta go stop my step dad from doing the same!!
I have just decided to never own pets.
Not just because I would be a horrible pet owner, but because of stuff like this.
I guarantee you if you were to return it this is all they would do when they get it.
also read this which I posted yesterday, it should keep you safe
Yeah...they should have been.
got fucked up.
Just run the restore from the disc again, unless it is faulty the drivers are there.
Not trying to be rude but you probably just didn't do it properly.
I'll give this a shot then!
Thank you very much!!
I probably did, I chose the custom option from the disk so that I could format the drive.
I'll try again and choose the other option.
Will do, thanks again!
that's cool thanks for the uptokes, hope it works :)
Thanks again and more uptokes for being an ent ;)
fkn tell me if it works cause i'm stoned and I like to know the ending to these sorts of things or I will stay awake all night wondering if that dude got his computer working.
It will be a thought that will always be in the back of my mind.
Its been very weathery lately.
Will do man, hopefully it won't take too long!
Then next thing you know you're burying your son back there too and it gets all (
Thank you for that man, real talk.
insert kindling/flame joke
that happens to my dog, I get him a new toy and cook him a small steak.
He becomes happy when he gets a new toy to destroy, and he cant stop running around when I cook him the steak.
There is the potential that the dog shredded it as well.
Or maybe the dog swallowed it...oh dear.
Eh, as long as you're treating the dog right otherwise, I'm sure he won't be mad.
Dogs are pretty forgiving if you're good to them.
They also seem to understand accidents can happen.
Just be nice tomorrow and I'm sure all will be forgiven.
I was looking over my cat's vet records (his last owner abandoned him and I took him in), and I saw that he had a history of gum disease.
I had to wrap him in a towel and inspect his teeth.
It was the only way.
If you're curious, yes, his teeth look bad.
I'm going to take him in for a check up in a few days.
I've accidentally punched my cat in the face.
Kitty shouldn't have been sitting on my chest while I was playing wii.
Just slow it down, I'll shoot Hitler out the window.
I hit !
Sonata?
Viola was a great fighter and healer.
TL;DR - Sent dog to scare away neighbors cat, dog turned cat into confetti.
I have warned them several times to keep the cat off of my property
you are new to the whole idea of having cats in your home.
Note that I did not say "owning cats".
My dog doesn't ever get treated bad, so he'll be good.
My dad literally cried after he realized what he had really done.
But my dog forgave my dad after that two day period and my dad promised to never ever hurt a living thing again on purpose.
Now, now, there is nothing to be worried about, we have made major strides since then, major strides.
Well, some people care about their pets.
Even if they let their cats go outside.
From where i am from it is rather considered cruel not to let cats go outside and do the shit that cats like to do.
My two cats, now both 8 years old, went outside afer they were spayed.
There where a couple of times when they didn t come home for a few days but you learn to accept that that is the price of freedom you have to pay.
Female, both.
It was a lovely time.
And everyone still talks to one another so that's good.
had more fun making jokes with them about the whole thing than anything else.
Joking around afterward, they said something, "Fuck you both" "Oh wait, I did..."
I'm really sorry but your boss sounds like a jerk who wasn't ever planning on paying you.
He just wanted to see how long he could use you.
I think you should calmly talk the situation over with him and tell him all of the stress that you have been going through.
he will understand.
Yeah but I'm sure she picked up on something weird when she saw me feeling you both up and making out with one guy while sitting in the lap of another.
Just slightly unusual.
She doesn't speak to me, but her friends always giggle and start talking excitedly in Korean whenever I walk by.
Lol I shouldn't be laughing.
Fuck that puto cat!
your neighbour's cat is gone when your dog is gone.
it is going to be more suspicious if you get rid of your dog.
Best tl;dr.
I fucking love cats and hate almost all dogs but I still completely agree.
You didn't mean for that to happen and really it's better for everyone if nobody learns the truth here.
Plus that cat sounds like a little fucker.
Mine are fixed and they prefer the outdoors.
Can't stand indoor cats they stink of the whole house
I did not read the story.
That's why i wished for a tl:dr.
they fucked something up so its not going to be funny.
Why laugh at anothers misfortune?
Or you hit it with your car.
just download the drivers somewhere else, put on a flash drive, install on laptop.
Done and done.
You can find out almost every OEM part of a manufactured PC online.
the drivers you need from the various manufactures site and just install.
Should take an hour at best.
if you are having trouble with the usb, burn them to a disk.
Bad !
(Sorry for your loss pseudobrittany)
Edit: Got it working.
Cheers for the reply!
That's the main reason I hate cats.
Very few people have any control over them.
If you can't control your cat, then don't fucking have one.
Find a way to confine it to your own back yard, or keep it inside.
I realise that following this logic would mean a lot fewer cats, and I'm okay with this.
Edit: Got it working.
Thanks for the help :D
Yeah, my first thought reading OP was "I bet this kind of thing happens a lot."
...and i love him haha
Yo man, got the comp working, cheers for the support :D
Except for the part about hating cats.
I worked at an animal shelter and although it is "no-kill" for dogs (unless they were sick or otherwise unadoptable), that wasn't even an option for the cats.
Their cat population is always steady around 500.
500 fucking cats.
The products of people who let their pets out.
Yes, I realize they also have to be in-tact to reproduce, but as for people who let their cats roam after being spayed/neutered, it's still irresponsible.
You risk that cat's life every time it wanders out of your sight.
What if your neighbours are redditors?
I had just stayed up all night and I was traumatized.
It made me a little more sentimental than usual.
To protect yourself, you might want to delete this post/and or edit out details.
And next time it may be a kid stepping into its yard to get his/her ball back...
You got caught with possession and intent to purchase illegal firearms, made significantly worse by doing so on the grounds of a school.
My question is, just how strong is the wifi from the holding cell they would never have let you freely out of for at least a few days?
Well my dad had the intention of purchasing a gun, but he didn't know where to get one, so i told him i could find someone.
We live in canada so it doesn't make this any better.
I explained that it was a sick joke i was playing on my dad and that we have an odd relationship, the principal called my dad and asked him if he knew anything about this.
My dad went along with the whole "it was a joke" thing and i got suspended for a day for using my phone.
As much as I am mad about what happened to the poor cat, don't tell anyone, what has happened has happened, and your dog, did not know what he was doing.
So atleast for his sake, tell no one.
now kiss
And all I can think of right now is my mom's miniature ...
weighing in at around 9 lbs and small as hell for even a miniature .
Child eater, indeed.
Well to be fair, what kind of name is Jevens?
I have had an indoor cat for 15 years and he's gotten out twice.
My cat is a little troll...
he made me jump over 4 fences twice...
and then just calmly strolled back into my house.
Wait, what the fuck?
Did he shower too?
Dude, that's fucking awesome.
He should let you just keep calling him that.
Is that his last or first name?
I thought both were funny...
A lot of them get hit by cars, so if you never want to see them again, it's cool to let them roam.
No, ( is the best tl;dr you've ever read.
I've chosen the meaning "the lesson;dear readers" instead as I heard it before.
They were, I just wanted to set the record straight.
This is the internet, serious business, etc.
Don't feel bad, it's a big scary world and the cat got fucked up.
What would be so much worse is if a beautiful young german shepherd also had to die because some 12 year old bitchy cat got more than it bargained for.
I just hope for your sake that no one finds out, don't tell anyone about it.
I hope some internet detectives/cat lovers don't go trying to find you out.
I hope you have covered your tracks sufficiently.
You didn't do anything wrong and no one should call you an idiot for acting reasonably, not even yourself.
You stood your ground and it was your psycho boss that fired you because you rightfully attested that you dont want to be treated as a slave anymore.
The way you've been treated was unjust and that is the only reality.
You know what is maybe worth doing in this case.
Dig up the cat and drive it somewhere very far from your house and ditch it/bury it somewhere.
, spiteful people like this will probably go to great lengths to fuck with you.
how could you facepalm when you are...
faceless!
I'm gonna go sit in the corner with my pointy hat...
You don't train your cat to stay on his property, you keep the cat indoors if its prone to fighting other cats.
if you have requests from your neighbors.
Yeah, my intense dislike of cats is mostly due to their inconsiderate owners.
Well, that and the whole allergy thing.
Odd, i've grown up with dogs and cats my entire life.
My mother ran a daycare for 10 years.
the only problem we've ever had with domesticated animals is when a cat clawed the fuck out of one of the children.
It wasn't my cat it was the neighbors.
Our two golden retrievers chased it off after it attacked the child.
I'm not saying all cats and dogs are this way.
Just personal with what a "nuisance" is.
a child is pretty bad if you ask me ( this could have easily happened but the cat missed the retina by a few MM )
Let's all learn a lesson: your drivers to a flash drive before you perform a major update.
That can't be legal.
In New you would be be due a big payout after it goes through the legal dispute.
I have an appointment tomorrow afternoon to see about my acid reflux.
I didn't know about this possibility yet, and now I'm not looking forward to it :S
Jojo needs to lawyer-up, delete his and hit the gym.
I wouldn't even have out the story on reddit for fear of getting caught.
Bottom line is the cat for what it deserved and you did the right thing.
Too late to take it to the grave since you already spewed the story here but don't tell anyone else and hope that your neighbors don't read reddit.
I feel like Wolfe, lol
Hmm, well true.
you should consider keeping your cat indoors?
I cried a little.
THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!
I'm not saying the cat deserved to die, but if you know you cat is fucking up other cats, karma is going to catch up to your cat.
Do everyone and yourself a favor and keep your cat inside if it is attacking others.
To put it this way:
There isn't even any mention anywhere that I could find of a cat killing a person.
So yes, while in extreme cases something like what you say would happen an untrained dog that can go aggressive is a possible danger to children.
If they make you drink some fucked up shit sauce while on your back and they moan if you puke...
They deserve it.
dogs kill kids.
And untrained cats fuck with other cats.
The whole firebombing his childroom's rooms was a bit much and a stupid thing to say.
Look, if you know your cat is being a little shit, but you continue to let it wander around, it is fault for being a careless owner.
It pisses me off when people say, yeah well cats should be allowed to wander around because it's a cat.
Sure, I have no problem with letting your cat wander around your backyard if it is fixed and it doesn't fuck shit up.
your cat wander somewhere you cannot see means it is susceptible to other animals and cars.
If you cannot watch your cat, or least make sure it won't go out into a road or somewhere it is not safe, keep it indoors.
Good day.
Your roommate is clearly just jealous.
It's great that you told them.
I wouldn't have been able to keep it a secret either.
Also, those people sound awful.
Good luck living next to them.
I think you did the right thing, even if it wasn't what some would call the smart thing.
I'm surprised the guy didn't care because, why have pets if you don't give a shit about them?
I wonder if this means he'll put out less food or what.
Anyway, good for you, you handled the situation well, and took responsibility for it even though you weren't necessarily at fault.
, I will not risk having my dog put down over someone else's carelessness
Are you fucking retarded I hope terrible things happen to you you are truly a piece of shit person.
I mean if you'd like to get rid of your fire, I'm definitely available to take care of that for you.
You didn't fuck up; you manned up.
Least your conscience is clear about that.
Poor cat yes, but it isn't your fault how they treat their pets.
the humane society can look into the other pets' treatment.
you're a crackwhore darlin
i can imagine it would lead to hilarity.
whats some fun and pleasure among friends?
maybe she was really miffed that you didnt ask her to join for the bit of fun in the sun?
Now that guy is going to send all of his cats to your yard.
If he hasn't called you out after six months, it's not much of a fuck up on your end.
And anyway, that's pretty funny :P
I plan on contacting the Humane and the local Animal to have the well being of their other pets looked into.
they take care of their other pets better then they did that cat.
After all that, you want to escalate this?
They're better than yours.
My neighbors lack of caring for their pet broke my heart
What proof do you have of him not caring for it?
I plan on contacting the Humane
If you do this, you are a fucking idiot.
You're gonna wind up getting an outside agency involved and potentially get your neighbor into trouble.
If that happens, I would expect him to crawl through your window and slit your throat in the middle of the night.
Don't be a fucking prick neighbor and mind your own goddam business.
aren't some magical tracking device, they're just an ID tag.
Their range is less than a foot, and you have to be looking for it with an RFID reader (see the table on this page:
You could teach them, but you'd have to charge.
What is wrong with you.
On some level, you surely must feel better after manning up about it.
The fact that your neighbor is an asshat doesn't change the fact that you did what was right in a difficult situation.
Please think long and hard about contacting an agency.
After doing so, if you feel like his other animals are truly in danger, then take the necessary steps to get them to a safe place.
Far too often, people choose to just look the other way in these situations, whether those in harm's way are pets, children, or even the elderly.
Just be certain that you're turning him in out of concern for the animals rather than doing it as a jab at your unpleasant neighbor.
you do too, or at least you threaten people's kids with death by firebombing because you let your cat run wild and die somewhere.
Death of kids is a rare occurrence and doesn't refute my point since plenty of dogs are gentle and well behaved animals.
If your cat dies, its your own fault.
In this case, the dog saw the cat attacking someone else's cat and protected them.
Dogs are pack animals, they protect the pack from dangers, both humans and cats can be part of a dog's pack.
I'm not the one blindly accusing another person of animal neglect.
Just a simple warning that this is how bad shit happens when you fuck with your neighbors.
I know reddit gets a huge boner for social "justice", but OP really needs to weigh the potential consequences of this.
I've seen people do horrible shit for far less than attempted legal trouble.
When OP's dog magically goes missing in a few weeks, he'll wish this whole thing never happened.
The world would be a better place had it more people like you.
Yeah because money is all that matters.
Weak, very weak.
This is a really interesting example of how people treat grief and pet-death.
TIL in this context of pet ownership, high-crisis or unstable times of emotion are responded to within the same mindset that someone would tackle a fiscal issue.
This has been a good post, I'm sure I'm not the only psych student lurker who thinks so.
EDIT: Also, OP, if it makes you feel any better, the fact you care shows that the guilt your feeling is not an accurate depiction of yourself.
WTF ARE YOU DOING HERE GET OUT
TYFU- admitting on reddit you are responsible for cat homicide.
Naw, nigga.
Her pussy was so fucking raw, tasted straight up like copper.
yeah, don't do that bro.
if the guy is spiteful he could do exactly what you were afraid of in the first place.
it sucks that some people treat animals like that, but as only one person, it is not your responsibility to rescue/save them all.
just my $.02 - regardless - best of luck
I think you're very brave to go over there and tell them what happened.
Most people wouldn't even man up to do that.
You're a really good person and the responses you're getting here is unfair.
But I would say to keep a watch on your dog from now on, just to make sure they don't retaliate or anything silly.
they read your face, specifically your left eye, (
Please also look into additional training for your dog.
As someone who was attacked violently by a dog as a child, it's unnerving to read that it didn't heed your commands to stop the attack.
that maybe both you could benefit from learning to control these tendencies is only going to give the dog a happier life and you piece of mind.
I realize that you said before that it gets along with your other cat and your mother's cat.
, if someone were to have asked you the day before this happened if you thought your dog was capable of killing on an offhand command, I'll bet you'd have said no.
You had no reason to think it was going to kill the cat, yes, but just hoping it doesn't happen again isn't good enough.
Please consider (additional) training.
I wish I could upvote this more.
OP is a gentlehuman and doesnt afraid for anything!
I advise you not to contact any organizations...
there is no need...
plus it's like "Hey I just killed your cat, so I called this group to come take the rest of your animals"
Plus if you push him enough he can exclaim your evil dog killed his poor old cat, then the same organization that was investigating him will turn and look at you...
You don't call the cops about a guy smoking pot when you have a dead body in your closet.
This will only make matters worse.
"risking getting my god put down"
My German and shovel bring all the cats to the yard.
Even if there is a situation you are going to want to treat lightly here...
bc when his animals gets taken or he gets pissed off that you called he is going to go, "There is a vicious dog next door that destroyed my cat." and it's only going to get worse
I think I read somewhere that outside cats have about 25% of the life expectancy of inside cats.
That said, I let my cat go outside.
He usually stays close by, either in my yard or in my two next door neighbors yards, the kids on one side love him and the retired guy doesn't mind either.
place has dogs.
I realize that he might not come back every time I let him outside, but he loves it and its the only way to get his fat ass any exercise.
Your link went to the following comment, which in no way addresses the question of "what proof do you have that he is neglecting/abusing his animals?"
If i do contact an agency it will be solely due to concern over the well-being of the animals, not because of my bad track-record with my neighbor.
Who gives a shit if he cared or not?
I grew up in a farming environment and lost animals all the time.
If my dog keeled over right now I wouldn't give a fuck, I'd just go get a new one.
Just a word of advice man, you are inviting trouble, especially if you already do not get along.
there it is.
Not caring about the eventual end of his cat is not a reason to call the humane society, as sad as it is.
If he is abusing, starving, or otherwise mistreating his animals and you know of this, then please do call.
Like, right away.
, think for a second.
Not all cats are pets.
Many are 'working animals' in a way, where they control the rodents and in return get a warm spot to sleep and well fed.
If one dies, well, sadly, he dies.
If one gets too sick for the vet to easily fix and it will suffer, often it is given a quick death (via shotgun.
Debate it all you want, it's quicker and instant and often more humane for a farm cat who may freak out at being handled/transported to he clinic by a vet for euthanasia).
People deliberately do not get attached to such working animals for these reasons.
But that lack of emotional attachment does not necessarily mean that he was mistreated.
, I've only ever had one cat and he passed away recently at 14 (would have been 15 this year) and it was the most heartbreaking thing.
He was my birthday and present at 5.
My constant companion and best friend (along with our old blue heeler dog, who passed away many years ago now) for my childhood.
Many tears were shed.
If something like this had happened to him, I don't know if I would have had the dog put down, but I would have been absolutely furious, in typical 'pet owner' fashion.
I have no need for working animals (but he was a good mouser!) and all my animals are pets I have chosen to keep.
, that doesn't mean every animal every person owns is going to be, particularly if the cat was a 'mouser' or working cat, and not a house cat.
It's the same with farmers and their sheep dogs quite often, or guard dogs, or police attack dogs.
They are fed and cared for, but they are not pets for various reasons.
So yes, do report if you suspect animal abuse, and do it promptly, but remember that not treating an animal like a pampered pet is not necessarily abuse.
They don't have to be seen as a pet and be pampered with human attention to be well cared for, after all.)
Edit: a word
Edit again: This will probably get all the downvotes.
And that can be ok too!
But, animal abuse is abuse, and if OP has witnessed or suspects it, he should dig deeper and call a humane society, of course.
It's just, lack of emotional attachment to an animal does not always mean neglect.
So because this guy didn't act like giant fucking pussy you think he doesn't care about his animals?
Pure logic right there.
Didn't Family Guy [reference this one time?
fifth quote from top](
Cool, glad we had this talk.
In this case a man told his dog to kill a cat.
Hi, glad to hear you did the right thing in the end.
The fact your neighbour wasn't bothered is a bit strange I know!
Damn that poor cat wasn't loved :( But this is good for you, as it means that you're not going to endure any further complications as a result of this ordeal.
The good news is, you can now start to put it all behind you and carry on with life.
money is not everything, you're right...
A's and B's make the world go round...
for those that made honor roll all the way through school money is never an issue...
No where did it say he ever requested the people keep their cat in.
He had recently gotten his dog (that was only 2) VS the neighbors 12 year old cat.
Yeah you are right!
Hey what else are you allergic too so we can all hate it for you?
If you get an animal this guy doesn't like then he hopes it dies.
I hope you never procreate.
I find it very likely you hurt animals as a child.
I love how "Thank you" got multiple downvotes...
PROVE THIS
kekekeke
One: That's not even a legal sentence you just typed.
Two: No.
You are wrong.
If you were right he would have no problem telling the owners.
How many people do you personally know who only let their cats out on a leach...?
Also this was in his yard, not the neighborhood.
Please read better before responding.
I see this happening within the next few weeks: he's going to sue you.
like this just like to make you feel safe...
then drop the hammer once you think its over and done with.
Took a lot of balls to go talk to them, but it was the right thing to do.
You are a good person.
If true, you did the "right" thing, although I am still honestly perturbed by your initial response.
I hope this is true, and you didn't just post this to avoid hatemail or something.
I guess only you will really know.
Good for you, being honest, I'm glad everything came out okay and stuff.
not the smartest decision but it worked.
I would quit while you are head though, don't go full retard.
You were more affected by their cat's death than they were, that is so sad...
animals are not furniture, it's not like they can be replaced that easily.
I'm heartbroken to be honest, but you should feel proud for how you acted.
You, uh...
I mean, not to be a dick or anything but...
Just, no.
Go to the labor board ASAP.
This is obviously constructive dismissal.
The rescue foundation we got our last cat from estimated life expectancy at max 5 years for outdoor cats.
My first cat wandered outside and away once when someone left the front door open.
Dogs weren't my concern either.
and coyotes also come into town (and the city we moved to, as well) and kill pets in yards.
your cat is up to date with all his vaccinations.
Some people "collect" cats.
They randomly die or disappear, but nobody even notices.
It's sad.
I'm sorry for the loss of your cat.
It's terrible to lose anyone you were close to, regardless of species.
I'm not here to downvote or pick at anything you said, I just wondered about what you said about working dogs.
This also goes for a large number of sled dogs I've known who race for a living, and herding/guard/general farm dogs.
Maybe it just varies person to person, I suppose, on a farm.
for kids/teens with disabilities, their service dog is also their best buddy.
Hey man, good for you telling them.
I am not sure if the cat came into your yard or not but if it did then it would not have bothered me at all if I were you.
If your dog went into it's yard then that is a completely different matter.
, I'm not a dog person, they're fantastic animals and all that, but most of the time far to energetic for my taste.
And I'm going to contradict myself here, but you deserve to be hit by a first gen Toyota Prius and die a slow and painful death.
Yes a Prius, a BMW would be far too classy for your class-lacking ass.
This is like a classic ending to a TV show episode.
Main character worries about their secret, they do the right thing, it pays off and in the end it wasn't a big deal.
First time I've ever seen doing the right thing pay off in real life.
I wouldn't have said a damn thing to my neighbor.
I wouldn't suggest escalating this any further.
If all else fails, have a shot at Linux!
Goes to show how much minimum wage sucks.
Not a lawyer here, but if something ever happens again with these people letting their animals run all over your property I wouldn't want my dog having the history documented.
I doesn't matter.
The cat was on someone's property where it was not authorized to be.
I don't care if no-one uses leashes on their cats, they should because that's the only way you can control where they go and what they do.
, cat owners seem not to know how to teach their cats commands nor rules like "this area is off limits", or perhaps cat's just can't be taught that (and my money is on the former).
A cat is agile and small, so it can get out of fences or acrobatically jump over things, so what other method do you propose to control cats from going places they shouldn't?
A giant cage?
A force field?
If you just let you cat run all over your neighbor's yard you are an asshole.
If you just let your cat run free so that it can get attacked by wild animals, run over by cars, or get into things that may hurt it, you are negligent and an asshole.
put the kindle in dry rice
trust me it will work
So you got his cat killed and now you're gonna call the humane society so he'll lose the rest of his animals?
Shoot.
Shovel.
Shut the fuck up.
How the fuck can you possibly be feeling worst?
You just dodged a huge amount of drama and now you want to "investigate ill-treatment", sounds a bit crazy in my opinion.
always for science
It's all up and running again :) I would love to try a Linux based computer in future however!
/internet highfive
If my dog keeled over right now I wouldn't give a fuck
Then you're a reprehensible, heartless scumbag that shouldn't be allowed to care for animals.
edited to remove various insults that, after cooling off a bit, I decided were in poor taste.
I see OP posted, but I recently learned that even attacking a child is not necessarily enough to have a dog put down, at least not by city law where I live.
It has to have a history of such behavior.
Listen to this guy!
You're opening a can of worms by contacting the Humane .
Let it be.
Can u send it to me
I wonder if the guy doesn't give a shit, but he has a kid or a spouse that's crying their eyes out right now.
I agree with this.
It's less about the dog attacking and more about the dog ignoring OP when he told it to come.
What if Jojo's chasing after a truck next time he decides not to listen?
you have some real bad luck, bad asian driver.
a complete pacifist
Then I asked if we could burn it.
He said sure
I congratulate you about what you did and think you handled it well.
Your neighbor was very rude and I now think that they are the asshole instead of you and I apologize for my earlier remark.
why have pets if you don't give a shit about them?
some families have pets because the kids want one, and their parents sometimes don't care about them or even dislike them.
Reddit may not understand how someone can not love cats but apparently there's not only redditors in the world...
It's less about the dog attacking
It's not at all about the dog attacking - he just did what he was told to.
similar happened to my mom.
She has two pitbulls that got a hold of our neighbor's cat when he made the mistake of coming into their yard.
My mom, being the sweet old lady, told our neighbor, who was actually happy.
Turns out, the cat was his ex girlfriend's cat, which he hated, but his current girlfriend didn't want to get rid of.
Go figure.
So because I don't feel human emotions for animals, I shouldn't be able to own them??
My animals have a cake life and my wife makes sure they pretty much run the joint.
Doesn't mean they aren't replaceable...
The entire history of the planet disagrees with you (not to mention current laws).
Glad things worked out for you, and I know you feel badly about it...
But, come on, people let their cats terrorize neighborhoods.
Shit in gardens, shit in flower beds, shit on lawns, kill birds, attack dogs and other pets.
other people's porches to hell.
So on, and so forth.
My beagle received 7 stitches on his face from a guerilla kitty that bushwhacked him from the bushes one day.
Was there a collar on the cat (Heh, like I'd pick up an angry cat - I'd have a bad time) or did I track down it's owner?
Of course not!
I like cats and all, but I don't think they should be let outside to roam into other people's property, and so forth.
It wouldn't be tolerated from a dog.
So, okay, "JoJo!
: I own a dog.
I also have owned cats my entire life.
My cats were never outdoor cats for that reason - Can't have 'em getting run over, killed by dogs, possums, and foxes, so on and so forth.
Going and telling the neighbours really took some courage.
I honestly don't know if I would have done the same myself if I was in your shoes.
Kudos to you, man.
You've got balls.
Not quite - that's actually the problem.
He attacked as told, but did not stop as told.
you handled that very well my man.
takes some balls.
just goes to show you really are a pet lover.
i mean, the guy didnt have to be a dick and try to get something against you or your dog, which he didnt, but you'd think he would show some remorse or sadness.
its sad that he didnt follow through with his responsibilities as a pet owner and now you feel like crap about it.
My animals have a cake life and my wife makes sure they pretty much run the joint.
What incentive do you have to provide care for something that you do not give a single fuck about?
I literally do not understand your mindset, which is why I was hoping, praying that I misunderstood something.
You sir are lucky as fuck.
The fact you allowed your dog to sic a cat shows an extremely high level of irresponsibility on your part as well as downright stupidity.
What, you didn't think the dog would do that?
You are extremely lucky your neighbor is not pressing charges.
I hope you learn how to better handle your animals after this experience.
I hope this got you to consider not listening to the hive-mind that is Reddit.
We're not your friends, and we were not there.
it's upto you.
Or don't listen to me!
I'm just another redditor.
What incentive do you have to provide care for something that you don't give a fuck about
This is the same rationale used by religious folks when they tell atheists " could not exist without God".
Just because I am not concerned with the animal's death doesn't mean I should not provide it with a good environment.
My German and shovel put all the cats in the yard.
You camp without any tools of survival?
I had a hog run up on my camp one time here in Texas.
It was pretty good Ham.
I carry a Buck knife to every camp site.
I've even been surrounded by a pack of coyotes.
They hate fire so I kept everyone safe by turning our small camp fire into a non fire reaching half as high as some of the trees around us.
Gotta have a plan if your camping.
out and running blindly is only acceptable if you have weed on you and you're using the term pig to describe cops.
Good read though.
I enjoyed your descriptive detail
This is the same rationale used by religious folks when they tell atheists " could not exist without God".
no it isn't.
That's a nice attempt at a strawman, though, I guess.
Kinky sex pictures for science!
It isn't?
So there has to be an end game for me to care about the current well-being of something?
the problem is about the dog not stopping, but not about attacking in the first place.
He really should have changed names, said he was in a different state.
deniability.
Either way, the dog needs to be trained.
I hope OP listens.
Screw them, who cares what they think?
You should have kept singing, that would have shown them!
I usually DGAF, but there is something very emasculating about Asian women laughing at you.
The best place for tortoises to hibernate is in the fridge as it provides a stable temperature for them and the right conditions.
Much healthier for them.
We're getting off-topic here, so I'll make this my final reply and you can have the last word.
This is one of the many areas where the nature vs nurture argument comes into question.
What I'm trying to understand is how you can be bothered to care for something if you don't give the slightest care about what happens to it at any given time.
For example, people that don't care if their car rusts out do not take measures to prevent their car from rusting out.
That is to say, I dont see how someone who doesn't care if their pet dies would take steps to prevent their pet from dying.
It's really as simple as that.
The comparison to God/morality that you decided to invoke really has nothing to do with it.
I don't know man, I feel like the situation isn't a valid reason to end this dog's life.
If you were my boyfriend I'd be very very proud of you.
You did the right and honorable thing.
I agree not to get further involved.
Take care of yourself and JoJo.
Just be aware that you now know what this dog is capable of doing.
Keep this dog secured seriously.
I saw the first post and just read the title.
I figured that's all I needed to know, but then I read this post...
, it wasn't a shame that the cat was a prick and nobody cared about it.
I'm a cat guy and can tell you cats are pricks regardless.
Second, you did the right and clearly difficult thing by letting them know what happened.
That takes stones.
You had gotten away scott free but did the right thing in the end.
Kudos.
Oh well the dog I was speaking of died three years ago sadly.
And really, all dogs are capable of that man.
It all depends on how they were raised and the circumstances.
i don't understand why anyone would do that to ANY animal, cats included!
if you don't want a fucking pet don't just give in and give it to your kid if you're not willing to look after it, too.
it just makes me so sad :(
That sounds like a win to me.
I love funny gym stories.
Submit your new one and say you pay so much attention to detail that you saw you attached the wrong one originally.
It's good at absorbing water to such an extent that the air around it will become very dry and suck more water out of the kindle.
If you want to make your kid happy and teach that kid responsibility at the same time, why not get a pet, even if you yourself don't care that much for it?
The kid's responsible, and the pet can go back to the shelter if it won't be taken care of.
edit: downvotes, hurray!
Not before you start up a shop or a restaurant on the seaside with her while Moby's " Ways" plays.
In the last thread you sacrificed some of your time to answer to my criticism, it's a sad thing that he didn't care but from the killing on you acted right.
It'll go back to the shelter and get cremated.
If you're not willing to help, even if it's mainly to teach your child about responsibility, then don't get an animal.
When your kid moves out of the house or buys an animal with their own money, then they will learn responsibility all by themselves.
Don't give in to your kids unless you're willing to also take on some responsibility.
It's only a part time job, we're young so we both don't have careers yet.
I work in a popular coffee shop inside of an equally popular retail store and he drives taxis, hence his (fairly low but higher than mine) paycheck.
You're right, it's a part time job.
He's writing a book while I'm in college.
so, let the pet die and have the child learn nothing?
why is that person a parent if they're going to let their child do their own thing and not teach them anything?
my parents got me a pet snake and i take care of her mostly, but i can't pay for a vet if she gets sick!
just letting an animal die is terrible.
It'll go back to the shelter and get cremated.
Or it can stay there in the first place and get cremated without even having had a chance somewhere.
Sure, that's better.
I'd tell you to dual boot along Linux, but I fear you'd break the lot again.
I don't say they should let it die or not show them how to care for it, but to let the kid be responsible and if it can't - then they take the pet back to the shelter.
do this, amazons customer support is usually awesome.
No pics?
You know that you're going to be haunted for the rest of your life by this cat right?
Every night around mid night you shal hear his pain before his death.
No, both are fucking horrible and shouldn't happen, but alas.
At least the animal doesn't have to know pure rejection.
And can you imagine if a family did that before you?
You're taking this poor living being and just bouncing it from place to place before killing it.
Jesus christ, just don't adopt it in the first place.
And that's what your parents have to be prepared to help you out with.
Good for you for being so responsible :]
Don't tell me, I am very happy with my adopted cat and I imagine he is, too.
Major ...
there's this type of cat litter that is exactly the same stuff, just use that
I hope that you take every Reddit post you read this seriously.
I don't like cats much and I don't understand their appeal, besides the low maintenance (and kittens are cute of course).
Thats all friend.
Also you are wrong, I have never hurt an animal in my life and would never do such a thing.
Cats are buttholes though.
holy shit you're a fucking retard
then you should understand that it's not okay to just adopt because you can and someone's whiny ass spoiled brat wants some pet.
but we were saying that irrisponsible parents shouldn't in the first place, so that poor animal doesn't become bitter and resentful toward human beings.
animals aren't just something you can return and expect to bouce back to the way they were when they were babies.
:) she is my pride and joy haha.
The blue crystals?
Those work creepily well but I have a hard time imagining that they do a good enough job at eliminating odor to not smell offensive to my cats, so I stick to the clumping kind.
That way I'm actually removing the stuff instead of just absorbing it.
Ah it's fine.
Sell it on ebay as slightly used.
Just don't travel to '45 to do it.
of attention to detail, rules on the side say "1.
Its a bit fucked up that they literally didnt think twice about it.
happen, at least you did the right thing.
Makes me wonder how their other cats are treated though
To see if they would notice
I gotta stop you right there, brah.
is not horrible taste in music.
You gotta sing along with that motherfucker.
My thoughts exactly.
Stay hydrated broski, today was a scorcher
The three commandments about killing anything.
on the size, a different tool may be needed.
is not responsible for any criminal or civil suits brought upon you for following his advice, all liability lies with you.
If you wish to file a complaint, call your local pizza department, if you wish to thank us, please refrain from doing so, no one cares about you.
Please use the methods contained within "'s methods for killing things" book wisely and responsibly!
Hope you're okay!
Quite shocking that people were just staring at you, thank goodness for the lady calling the ambulance.
Seems to be that not many people have the courage to help others, maybe because they are afraid that they will do more damage.
Even when someone is possibly dying DMV employees refuse to assist people.
EDIT: this.
First rule.
forgot.
I have failed you all!
commits seppuku
Call me cynical, but this sounds contrived.
You make a post about your dog killing the cat.
Reddit freaks out.
Bunch of people get on your case about how wrong it was, blah blah blah.
So now you post about how you went to tell your neighbor, and isn't it strange how completely unsympathetic of a character he is?
Couldn't write a villain more villain-y or a hero more touching.
"We have enough cats.
We don't care.
Who cares about cats, anyway?
Rabble rabble rabble." Pretty much the most cookie-cutter "douchebag" stuff you could think of, right down to a suggestion of animal abuse.
you're offering to dig the cat up and bring it to the woods and even share the location with your neighbor if he wants.
And gee, your heart is so, so broken that anyone could be so mean to a cat.
The neighbor is too evil.
Your actions are too pure.
I got the joke too!
How dare they try and find out what's wrong with you.
If listening to is wrong, then I don't want to be right...
I know right, take it to !
I'll just go shoot myself now .-.
As an absolute cat hater, thank you for getting rid of one of these viruses.
In the hand or in the foot, please, everywhere else can lead to catastrophic damage.
love the big bang theory reference
Only if she did it for crack.
stop that
stop what?
She wasn't home so I stood outside of an empty house 3+ hours, and sent 20+ texts and 10+ calls.
I'm pretty sure the OP will outlive Jojo--asuming Jojo doesn't mutilate him too one day bum bum bum.
So, just wait until the dog kicks it, then tell everyone you possibly can.
I have you tagged as "self-riteous prick" because - well, you're being kind of a dick.
Ya I stopped.
Trying hard to not do something as crazy and drastic.
Let the dust settle.
you are lucky they didn't call the police you would have been tazed and arrested
You should see a mental health professional.
Your behavior is harmful to yourself and others.
Make sure you wash the cut with soap and if you don't have neosporin, then use a mixture of tea tree oil and neem and rub a little on the cut.
It will help with scarring and heal it faster.
Well then, I love you, see you.
This story just makes me so sad.
Dude its just a cat.
Yeah, you didn't do anything wrong
I read the first sentence and thought you were going to do the whole "STOP RIGHT THEEERE!
I GOTTA KNOW RIGHT NOW!..." thing.
It's a lot worse when they are related to you somehow...trust me on this.
If you were standing still for the 15 minutes, locking your knees will make you pass out just like that.
The only warning you get is the split second before unconsciousness smashes your face in the ground.
I lied, i wouldn't let it die a slow and painful death.
I just wanted to emphasize how much I hated that dog.
, Bobby didn't make it.
This isn't really normal behavior for me.
I honestly think it was just a period of being REALLY stupid and inconsiderate.
Im sorry this happened to you :[ To be honest with you I don't think she cared much about you to begin with.I understand it hurts, but you are worth so much more.
Dont let people dictate your feeling.
Keep your head up and live each day to its fullest!
BEFORE WE GO ANY FURTHER DO YOU LOVE ME?
what makes it a devils threesome,and not just a threesome?
I was a right you-know-what about it though.
I deserve it.
And from this, I'm going to be more level headed, and really think before I act.
We've been through worse.
We can make it through this if I can keep my big dramatic mouth shut.
I feel bad when I send more than two texts...
What did they ask?
2:1 Guy-Girl ratio.
I did that with my brand new $600 titanium wedding ring ='(
I hate it when women do the whole 'I'm ignoring you because I'm mad at you" thing.
I mean, if you're mad, just say it.
you, OP, are a good person.
Why is your roommate so mad at you, was one of them her bf?
If he let it go, you let it go.
No sense beating yourself up for a nonissue.
Just don't offer help with the assumption that you know the story.
You didn't fuck up at all.
how is this your fault you didn't even quit.
Your boss stopped paying you for three weeks.
What does your husband want you to do?
Just work for free forever?
They're not going to use a taser on someone for no reason, especially in front of a roomful of witnesses.
LEMME SLEEP ON IT!
stranger things have happened my friend
ah ha ha ha.
Its probably not that bad.
why do they have it set up where sick people can vomit on it?
fucking hospitals
leading up to seppuku...
I forget.
Yes, but they usually involve a redneck, beer, and something shiny.
Sorry if I was a bit amped up from reading OP's post.
I took it literally.
I misinterpret internet exaggeration.
I have to admit after reading "people should use leashes on their cats" I have to say the rest of your argument just doesn't have the same impact.
I don't know how one keeps a cat off of someone else's property.
When they're outdoor cats, they go everywhere.
It's a shit situation but I don't blame you, except for the part where you actually ordered the dog out, although you obviously regretted that...
but I also don't blame your neighbors that much because one does not simply tell their cat where it can or cannot go.
Have you tried turning it off then back on again?
The biggest fuck up here is making Meat Loaf one word.
Always two words people, always two.
on the person I guess.
animals can of course also be pets and companions.
It's not black and white, more shades of grey and depends on the animal and the work it does.
But, on the extreme, for example some types of guard dogs would be dangerous to try to keep as pets.
These dogs are often strong-headed and can be a danger to other people (biters) if let loose without someone to handle them.
socialisation with people can be detrimental in many animals to the dog's perception of 'pack' and reduce it's capacity as a working animal.
if he is assigned to an officer and having a 'pack perception' of that officer as his alpha will help him do hos job, he is often kept at home when off duty.
, doesn't stop that when they are retired here that they are usually killed as being dangerous animals/not pet suitable.
If the dog was a guard dog however, perception of ALL suspicious/unfamiliar people as threats is paramount to that dog doing its job, so they are not kept as pets and socialised.
But with, say, a greyhound racer, though many are pets, many more are not (and even more meet horrible ends) due to being bred solely for racing and profit (it's a sad industry!)
That said though, as a kid my mother had a blue heeler trained attack/guard dog.
She was one of the best dogs at what she did, and she was also 100% a pet, so those are huge generalisations.
Like I said, shades of grey on the pet vs worker scale.
If you're going to go, you might as well go big.
I often find myself lifting to Meat Loaf.
You should have laughed at them for not working out to Meat Loaf.
"Other than a couple dents around the edges and slight scratches on the back, the iPhone works great!
It may need a good screen cleaning, but that is up to the buyer's discretion."
I tried that technique, I am of course referring to the one you have described above, and surprisingly the problem was not resolved.
Am I doing something incorrectly?
Please expand.
That's what she said.
You should be proud for staying, most people wouldn't have.
And these things happen, forgive and forget is what I always say :)
BEST TL;DR EVER.
While I respect your decision to dislike cats, I don't think anyone should be thankful for a violent death of any sentient creature...
Love it.
You go off the deep end one time, and people say you need professional help.
You were a gentleman about it, that's what counts.
That is by far the most ridiculous thing I have read on this thread.
Kid gets multiple phones full of nude girls.
The people at the hospital mentioned that to me...I guess I'll try and remember that for next time...
Can't say I blame them.
prior knowledge I can see how someone, assuming this is regular behavior, can say I need help.
If it were regular behavior I'd probably be the one saying it.
this may be late as shit but you get a upvote sir.
I'm not saying that it is normal but talking to a professional about the situation and what caused this behavior can't hurt.
Not a fuckup.
Like, at all.
(A) You had no way of knowing.
(B) You didn't actually do anything.
(C) You had no way of knowing
Love makes us do crazy things.
I'll think about it.
It does sound logical, however it wouldn't be an easy thing getting help, and shrinks have been hit/miss with me.
(unrelated issues)
Yeah they might take away your dog too
You cant seriously think he was in the right, even he acknoligies it
hell.
i thought we told you to never tell another living soul...
you totally ignored our advice.
congratulations.
you've passed the test.
you're free
ha!or lol either way that's good stuff bro.
TIFU: read a post on TIFU that had lack of paragraphing made me get a headache from reading and puke all over my keyboard
Are you praying for the end of time?
don't bother seeking help, continue to live your life the way you want to so you can share good stories with young adolescents so they won't be socially retarded like you
Kid has an awesome childhood
But in all seriousness I hope that you've let it all out.
It was the universe unleashing itself on you for buying a mac in the first place
tell her to pronounce it like , the lawyer of drains
lol "dreamgirl"
broseph, meet bitches, fuck bitches and abandon bitches once you get bored of them, thats how the cycle works
If you manage to fix it don't forget to do a "Sorry I lost your $400 paycheck" cake.
Asian girl hand on face laugh?
sure, I wouldn't buy it as well.
But I guess it should work well for stuff like drying electronics or the like.
Also, what smells offensive to humans doesn't necessarily smell offensive to cats.
For example, cats love the smell of humans pooping - don't ask me why.
This is called a "learning experience." if you see someone limping, or struggling to carry their bags, never assume to know their struggle.
Just offer to help.
Don't dwell on it, take from it and move forward.
TIFU: to read this assholes comment.
And that's it?
That you stayed and endeavoured to find out whose cat it was is admirable.
I wouldn't say you 'fucked up' at all - you were in an unfortunate situation and took the most responsible and respectable course of action.
Call a locksmith and have them make you a new key.
silly you can do, someone has probably already done and there exists a service to help fix it.
has one of the best voices in the music business.
Few rival his range from his prime.
Can I do that without a key?
Cats are pricks.
If you don't want a friend who can be kind of a prick though, don't get a cat.
Just remember their future is nail salon tech and they deal with feet all day.
It's b/c they're so tiny and feminine looking.
That's what makes it emasculating.
Only if they are .
You didn't shit yourself in front of them so it is fine.
That was what I was expecting at least and glad you didn't...
iv seen this same post b4 are you sure your not just posting this story for karma
Yeah but to moan when he pukes is unfair.
I'm only mentioning that it's "should have" instead of "should of" because it's for your own good.
And because my cat was hit by a car too.
TYFU by not using paragraphs.
Most of my non prick friends don't catch mice and since I live in a semi-rural suburban area, that trait comes in handy.
My normal reaction when reading something like this is to hit up Google images for pictures of kittens, but I don't suppose that would be appropriate.
TYFU by saying "should of" and "could of" over and over until I lost all sympathy.
Meh, as much as they expect it, it's still gotta be a pain in the ass to clean up.
I'm no expert, but there's a chance that the cat did not have a seizure.
A lot of the time, when an animal dies, after a little while it will start twitching violently and then relax, so it may have just been this natural process.
Of course, I wasn't there, so it's your word over mine.
You did the right thing.
Ahh im ashamed to say i probably would have peaced the scene.
What is it with dead cats and TIFU recently?
These stories never used to be so sad!
I appogise
NAMED HIM WHATT?!!?!
I'd say someone CPR certified who was on scene would know, but it's easy to attain such a certification without ever witnessing what seizures look like.
In this case your description sounds like it fits more than the cat having a seizure.
I think it was best you found the collar later because it saved the family from witnessing their pet go through the violent siezure type actions.
You did well, don't kick yourself for doing the right thing.
Damn, my knowledge of the Loaf has failed me.
Killer username btw.
I'm on an iPad...
I tried to hit the space bar a few times and return but it pushed it all together.
I'm as bothered by it as you are.
I thought this was a great story grammar and all BUT STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM THAT KITTEN
if a dead cat would get a seizure in front of me, I'd shit so many bricks that I would probably crush it with my foot in a 'survival spasm'.
I went back and fixed every "could" and "should" I believe.
joey
Spell check and the enter key, but its still pretty long and disjointed:
I would like to begin by saying that is 100% true.
I wouldn't shit you Reddit.
This story keeps piling on the horrible and it may be hard to believe, but I promise this happened.
I wish it hadn't.
I apologize for any spelling or grammar mistakes.
I am open to answering any questions.
It all began the night of a dance at out school, I was heading over to a friends house where I would get ready and then proceed to the dance.
No, it wasn't homecoming or prom, it was more of a hip fund-raiser dance club Dance.
We are in the truck driving through our neighbourhood and we pass by a parked car.
A cat is hiding behind a tire on the side closest to us, on the further end of the car.
It runs in a diagonal path, in front of our left side front tire, through the center and is is hit by our back right tire.
It is hard to explain without a drawing, but that detail isn't that important.
The cat ran in such a way that I couldn't see it is the important part.
This creates a loud thud, and I get out to examine what exactly I had hit.
it was nothing, I'm not in the biggest rush.
I get out of the truck, turn around and slowly walk towards what I can now recognize as a very bloody cat.
I assumed it died on impact.
I felt awful, and I had no idea what to do.
Upon further notice, I discovered that this cat had no collar on.
I'm not the kind of horrible person who would just leave a dead kitty.
I have to do something gut-wrenchingly horrible...
I go, from door to door, asking if they own a brown tabby cat.
This is one of the most horrible things a person will ever have to do.
EVERY.
SINGLE.
PERSON.
didn't walk out and see if they knew the cat, they began crying and ran inside to check if their cat was alright.
This is reddit, you know cats.
you need to find them, they are gone.
I went to about eight houses, and watched person after person cry and run to find their cat.
Not one of those people knew whose cat it was.
I crossed the street to ask more houses, I had a sigh of relief as I found a collar feet away from the cat.
I didn't take time to figure out the physics, but that collar flung many yards.
This moment is bitter sweet...
Going door to door is horrible, but there is still a chance that it isn't their cat.
I held in my hand the number of the person whose cat I had just killed.
I pulled out my phone, walked over to the cat and stood there looking down at him.
This is when an absolute nightmare happened.
The cat, began having a very violent seizure.
I just stood in disbelief, and watched as this cat had a horrible episode.
I am CPR certified, but I have no idea what to do for a cat.
I just stood and watched, horribly cringed over in pure sadness for I could not help this animal.
it lasted for a minute or so, and the cat finally passed.
The whole time I was checking houses, the cat was alive.
There was nothing I could have done, and I am still unsure if I should have checked for a pulse even though the cat was covered in blood.
I looked down at the collar...
I had to call...
occurred to me...
I knew a person that had a cat that went by the same name.
I shook those thoughts out, they owned an indoor cat!
I made the call.
A woman that I didn't recognize answered the phone.
...You never really think what you would say in a position like this...
All I could manage to say was
"I am horribly sorry to tell you that your cat has passed near the corner of blank and blank.
I'll be here waiting for you to arrive."
passed.
I tried to shake the thought of the cat out even though I couldn't.
I see a college age boy sprint down the street, and kneel down by the cat.
A girl about the same age sprinted down and knelt beside him.
They both were stunned, held hands and cried.
He kept comforting her, she did the same, while they sat and wished the cat goodbye.
Down the street this, I see a grown man and a high school aged boy.
He approaches and stared looking very shaken.
The teenage boy was the older brother of my very good friend.
He sat down in disbelief, and this is when I realized, he had two older brothers...
The one knelt down was the one I never met and the girl was his soon to be wife.
The eldest brother and this woman had purchased this cat as a symbol of their relationship.
This cat had been with them for years and was very important to both of them.
I couldn't describe how sad I felt.
After an hour or so of watching them say goodbye, they both stood up and shook my hand.
He thanked me for staying, said it meant the world to him because most people would have left it there.
My good friend never showed up...
He was back at the house helping his mother entertain guests that they had over and let the others go out and check on the cat.
The party?
A celebration of the eldest brother's (the one kneeling down) engagement to his longtime girlfriend.
All of this was a complete tornado of horribleness.
It wasn't my fault, and there was nothing I could of done, but It will still haunt me for a very, very, very long time.
I do have an update on this story, it's not a because this happened months ago, but I do have an update on what happened after.
I later met up with my good friend, and appogised for everything.
He forgave me and we're doing alright.
The eldest brother is now married to the girl I believe.
They just purchased a new baby kitten a week ago and named him.
tl;dr Ran over cat, thought it was dead.
Tried to find owner, took a long time.
Came back to find cat not quite dead.
Then found the owner and it was sad.
Should have told her parents...
let them choose how to handle it.
I read your wall of text.
I wish you had broken it up and made it more bearable to read.
even a TL;DR.
One more thing.
The grammar Nazis are out there.
They're going to get you.
I see they've already begun.
So sad that this could have been avoided had the cat's owners been more responsible with their pet.
Make sure you keep it powered off for at least 30 seconds.
They don't like the smell of their own urine.
That's why they will go elsewhere if it gets too dirty.
For shame.
Holy fucking shit that was depressing
my head hurts.
Who cares, if you didnt know the people theres no harm done
Let those fuckers know you're rich.
is not terrible music - you sire did not fuck up.
hit one of our cats yesterday.
We think it went pretty quick since half it's head was busted off.
Poor little guy.
Sorry for being skeptical, this justvseemed too far-fetched was all.
for feinting?
I think they thought I was dying or something.
Love it!
Hey man thanks for staying.
My cat was hit by car many years ago right in front of my house.
Our neighbor across the street is the one that told my family about it.
Baby owls are fucking creepy.
I don't know, I don't think I would have been relieved to find the collar.
I believe it goes as this: You call the locksmith and say you believe your key is inside, and for him to open the door.
Once inside, get the key and bring it up to the lock and prove to him that your key does infact open the lock.
And hence, the apartment owner/resident.
Pay him, and be on your way :)
How the hell did they have not sad dead cat stories.
Your sick!
I plan on contacting the Humane and the local Animal to have the well being of their other pets looked into.
But your dog killed a cat and didn't tell the Animal , eh?
I won't be surprised if someone find OP identity and report it to them.
That's not fucked up.
fucked up on THEIR part.
No one even helped you?
What the hell.
Dude, don't blame yourself, like you said, there was no way you could have seen it, sometimes this shit just happens :(
The cat, began having a very violent seizure.
I just stood in disbelief, and watched as this cat had a horrible episode
Saw this for myself as well.
The memory of it never goes away :(
What does matter though, is that you dealt with it in the very fucking best way possible.
You took responsibility, and made every effort to find the owner, knowing that it'd be one hell of a painful experience, but that you owed them that much.
well done to you, sir.
Coming from someone who has witnessed a hit-and-run on a cat before, it's a simply horrible experience, and you did everything you could to make it less horrible.
So, wait.
decided to invert for the mac, fly upwards and hit your chin?
Am I missing something here?
I've seen a cat killed by a hit-and-run before, and the only way I could explain it is as a death spasm.
We were pretty sure the poor thing was dead, moved it out of the road so any other cars wouldn't smash it, and tried to check the collar.
I'd swear it wasn't breathing before then, but suddenly it tensed up entirely, spasmed a good few times, then a load of blood and tissue gushed out of its mouth.
Fuck man, this was half a year ago and I can still remember it perfectly.
horrible.
Yeah...bystander apathy, maybe?
It took me too long to figure out what you were getting at...
moral of the story, don't use things that can die as a symbol of your undying love.
Yea it's called Rigor Mortis.
, your muscles require energy not only to contract but to relax as well (to maintain the proper ion concentration).
When you die, and your cells can't make energy, your muscles can't relax so they spasm like that.
EDIT: Read the comment below.
What I said about rigor mortis was correct, but it apparently does not occur until 4-6 hours after death.
( is probably what happened.
Fuck that cat.
Go dog.
Your GSD is an angel and better for it.
You can say "shit" and "fuck" on reddit.
Honest, it's okay.
Thank you for tl;dr
reading this.
Then I remembered I was high and having a good day.
I owe you a rain check.
My mom kill are cat with the dyer, She was freaking out to.
I thought it was pretty bad
You should've microwaved the coke to unfreeze it.
whatt is a horrible name for a baby kitten.
Fuck you, I'm eating here.
How in the hell did you manage that one?
Protip: If the oil you just drained looks reddish, it's not oil.
It sounds like the you might have been aware of this fact (at least in theory), in which case congrats on the 1200 dollar oversight!
You should see if the repair shop accepts karma.
If it was a stick, it would've been gear oil.
You sir, deserve an award.
If you change your oil on average 3 times a day then you may have bigger problems than just needing a new transmission.
Like severe OCD, for instance.
Going through a transmission is a rite of passage for any driver.
if you have to pay for it yourself.
, I'm not sure I believe this one.
Ten thousand times over ten years equals on average of a thousand times a year, which roughly comes out to a mean of 3 oil changes per day.
What the hell did your car ever do to deserve this?
Hadn't thought of that.
I drive a stick myself, even, but lacking a vacuum pump means I can't do anything with my transmission myself.
Never be afraid to fail.
If you aren't regularly failing you aren't really pushing yourself and you aren't setting goals that are challenging enough.
There is no shame in failing a test there is only shame in not trying.
Hold your head high because the fact that you are trying and not giving up puts you ahead of most of the population.
I think OP needs a new car.
Boy, you really hit a doozy.
WTF IS WITH ALL THE CAT KILLINGS GUYS?!?!
As someone who just spent half an hour chipping away at a layer of ice in my freezer.
You're lucky the can didn't explode.
: Blew up kitchen microwaving frozen coke...
Wonder how much money you saved by changing your own oil over the past 10 years and if it was more or less than the $1200...
No, just a new tranny.
It takes a special individual to do that
At first I though you said "she was ten" rather than "she was a ten".
I can tell you the story reads differently..
I don't even slow down after I hit an animal.
Nor do I brake.
If you brake and lower the vehicles velocity, you're more likely to have the animal die slowly.
I try to swerve slightly to center the vehicle on the animal so they'll survive if they duck.
This rarely works.
it has before.
It's gut wrenching to hit an animal that was a pet.
But I'm too afraid of the repercussions I might face for hitting it.
My dad once got sued for hitting a dog.
The case was laughed out of court but he still had to hire a lawyer and take off several days of work.
So ever since then I just keep on trucking.
Keep your pets contained, people.
I don't.
How did you replace your oil that was already in place?
Did you pour oil where your tranny fluid goes?
Both of you realize that text posts don't receive karma, right?
You realize that text posts don't receive karma, right?
I guess you're right.
It's just disappointing though to see how an ideal become derailed and feelings of inadequacy take hold.
Anyway, thank you.
That is also a 0.01% failure rate on oil changes, which is pretty damn good.
The oil must remain the same color it comes in.
It must not be allowed to darken.
Just checked in with my doctor, I have a grade 3 separation, which means I may or may not need lots of additional surgery.
my dog once killed another neighbor's dog.
i took the walk of shame over and told them what happened.
Their response to scraping their ripped to shreds 17 year old member of the family beagle off the side of the road: Oh honey don't you worry none about that.
That's just how dogs are.
I was flabberghasted.
I determined my dog had to be put down but could not do the deed myself.
I just ended up crying a lot.
So i took him to a friend who said he would.
We just don't put up with violent dogs where I'm from.
But when I told him the story he said the dog was probably just violent toward other dogs.
He was truly an excellent dog around all people and children.
Just hated other dogs.
He put the dog on a run in his corn field where he chased off deer for the rest of his natural life.
Which...i guess was about 2 years because he got bitten by a snake :(
I like your piercings.
I don't have a key though.
I had to break in.
If I had a key I likely wouldn't be concerned.
Smells very different as well.
I think his engine now has 10qt of oil and 0qt of transmission fluid
I once could not find a clean pizza pan.
Yet I had cold pizza leftovers in a perfectly pan shaped, albeit cardboard, box.
I stuck the box of pizza in the oven, box included.
fire 5 minutes later.
Pizza had a smokey flavor and a very ashy aftertaste.
He pulled the tranny plug, drained it out, put the plug in then filled the oil.
Engine is double filled, tranny is empty.
Tranny ran dry and asploded.
Engine ran double full, not sure how it didn't asplode as well.
Soon:
TIFU by leaving my Galaxy SII Google in my hot car.
situation occurred when a girl puked on my penis.
But at least I have a brand new oil filter.
Hehe, it's working twice as hard to filter all that oil!
A good reason to make sure you check oil levels after you change the oil -- something I've been known to skip.
I assume anyone I am giving IT help to is kinda slow.
You are a genuinely bad person.
Don't own a timer, eh?
That sounds like a song in itself.
"My car is probably just on it's period"
I pay for gas with comment karma...
And I'm pretty low on gas
...I'm taking you word asplode
I was really out of it once and threw my cell phone in the trash.
house and threw the trash bag in the big dumpster.
I was walking away and heard it ring...
clap
SHENANIGANS!
SHENNANIGANS!
I am so ashamed to admit I also did this once.
I was a lot younger and my car at the time (93 eagle talon) had a heat shield obscuring most of the bottom of the car.
I drained the transmission fluid, and added oil to the engine block.
The car had already been low on oil, so I didn't notice.
The car immediately began experiencing shifting problems.
I was too proud to admit to my dad what I had done, so a week later I did the same thing over again, thinking I must have just fucked something up.
Kid logic.
I added 4 MORE quarts of oil to the car and took it for a test run.
It was a miracle that I could get it into gear, but I did.
around the block I realized that if I stopped the car, I might not get it back into first gear, so I ran a stop sign to get back to my parents house.
A cop immediately pulled me over and asked me "Que es el dealy Yo?" As I was pleading my case clouds of smoke began emanating from my motor.
All the excess oil was burning out the top.
After checking my licence and seeing I was .25 miles from my house he told me to go the hell home.
Made it back home and had to face my pops.
No it doesn't bother me at all.
I'm just really coordinated with my hands, but nothing else.
I've been checked by a doctor, and my inner ear is fine.
I exaggerated a bit for the post, but my balance is easily thrown.
Not gonna say I haven't been there.
, my mom tossed the SD card.
I have wanted to post on gonewild though just for the adrenaline rush.
I thought I owed it to my boyfriend to at least ask if he was okay with it and oddly enough he said he was.
I envy you for trying.
Aside from replacing fluid, and maybe replacing seals in an automatic, there isn't much I would want to do with a transmission.
Bummer dude.
One time I put a quart of transmission fluid in where the oil goes.
Once I realized what I did, I panicked, thought I totally fucked up my car.
It turns out that adding a little transmission fluid to the oil actually helps clean the inside of the motor so I did no harm.
Do you drive a subaru?
draining the transmission fluid on subarus is a rite of passage in my shop.
Don't feel bad, almost everyone does this once.
Did you stop checking the level after an oil change because it's always the same quantity?
Now that's a bad habit.
Oil and filter is around $21 retail at a parts store.
Let's call it 15.
Where I work an oil change is 29.95.
$15 difference.
4 oil changes a year=60 saved a year times 10 years is $600 saved.
If for some reason he changes his oil twice as often OR gets free oil and filters then he broke even.
If it makes you feel any better, someone called into Car Talk on NPR with this same problem.
But I think that guy also poured oil in his transmission.
So you're a step ahead.
my engine burns through a shit ton of hyperbole.
i rarely laugh out loud at post but this one made me cry in laughter
Yeah, you're right.
I absolutely despise the animals that live in my house.
The way they are always like...
getting fed, and getting exercise.
Man, really grinds me up.
That test is pretty hard.
I remembered at the time I swore I was going to fail and that nothing in the classes had prepared me for it.
But I passed, first try, lol sorry bet that doesn't help.
ive done this before, , nothing bad happened.
My transmission gave up the ghost a few weeks ago.
I was faced with two options:
Send it to a shop, lose $1400-some.
to replace it with the aid of my father.
I took option two.
Many many uses of cursory dialect came into play.
, after about 2 weeks, $300, and enough cuts and bruises from shit falling on me to make John wince in pain, it was finally snapped back together.
TLDR: earned my man card with flying colors and saved $1000 to boot.
Sorry OP.
He actually changes his oil 3 times a day, so he saved around 148,800.
Man I wish oil changes were 29.95 i drive a mid size sedan and my last oil change was 65ish after taxes and recycling fees.
I was able to buy a Jack/Jack stand kit, oil, and filter for that price and now just do my own for 15 bucks
Oh literal heravik : )
Soon the grammar will be mine...
Crazy bad idea.
At least you learned a good lesson.
My cats named joey too :) hes fat...
you didn't save $1000 depending on how much you value your time and bodily abuse to be.
why the mechanic wants that much in the first place.
If you did change the filter.
Most of the oil should have drained out through there (which should have been another clue), so you aren't double filled on oil.
At least you got the poo into the toilet...not all of us are so lucky every time...
Don't lynch me for not knowing Meat Loaf, but lots of worse things can happen.
Same thing happened to me, but it was with a small dog.
it was a busy street and the thing waited until the last second to dart out in front of my tire.
I pulled over and informed the neighbors and they started freaking out.
This is a natural reaction so I stand there while they are saying their goodby's to the dog.
There ends up being a huge crowd with random strangers saying they're going to get the cops involved.
I'm like whatever.
so I wait until the cop shows up, walk over to the owner, he thanks me and says he's not pressing charges and I'm on my merry way.
I feel terrible about hitting the dog though.
it took many months to fully get over it.
I didn't you know you subscrived to this subreddit , Mah nigga.
Okay listen friend, this is Reddit and if you can't get the truth here you can't get it anywhere so, here it is...She doesn't want to be more...ever...period.
You are our very own dick in a glass.
Its a sick and twisted game but it is what it is.
The last part is very important you listen to because it will help you.
You need to stop calling, stop texting, stop checking her fb, STOP IT ALL!!
Here is why, we CANNOT stand it when our guy on a leash is no longer interested.
The person who thinks I am the most beautiful person in the world doesn't anymore...this seriously bothers us.
When she gets dumped or needs an ego boost she will get a hold of you, DO not be available, do not even call her back.
After several attempts of her trying to reach you very casually say hey, whats up?
DO NOT Coddle her in anyway, talk to her as you would a guy friend.
If you need a better picture of your role in her life, watch Pretty in Pink and look for the character named Ducky...that is you my friend.
Don't be that guy, if you want to be friends, then be friends, but friends dont wait outside each others houses for hours and text constantly.
It's a good thing you didn't drain the synthetic blinker fluid.
That would of been worse.
So...did you give him a piece?
how do you not get shit into the toilet?
I tell you
Note Rigor Mortis slowly sets in during a period of hours.
Most creatures that die violently really do just spasm uncontrollably.
But how do you not realize the wrong thing was drained when you take off the old filter?
How did you drive it without doing that?
How did you even fit double the oil amount in when you hadn't drained any?
When filling the oil, did you not check the stick to see how full it was?
I honestly have no idea how this could happen.
Did you need pneumatic tools to get it disassembled.
Last time I tried making her jealous was the last time we fought.
She called my game, and called me a scumbag for doing it.
I felt bad for trying to manipulate her afterwards.
If I tried to be all cool with "hey whats up" she'd get mad and most likely say something about me ignoring her.
That's where she always goes in the "mystery girl game".
A final note, I know she messed up some.
Could have done things different.
But at the end of the day no one made me do what I did.
I could have gone home and that would've been the end of it.
I fed up big.
I don't want to fix, or force, or make her be something, or anything her.
If I could be so bold as to have one thing, It'd just be the chance to tell her I am so truly utterly sorry.
What I did was INEXCUSABLE, and I never meant for it to get so out of hand.
She's my best friend, and the funniest, coolest, sweetest girl I know.
If she doesn't like me, I am not going to hold it against her.
I'll still be the same friend, and try harder next time.
I haven't conversed since, and I plan to just put her out of my mind until she comes to me.
That is how I have handled it in the past, and it has always worked.
her seems logical (it doesn't show up) to keep my finger on her pulse.
Psych professor?
"Sorry, slip."
, I don't think anyone gets a doctorate in Psych without having seen not just porn, not just hardcore porn, not just disturbing porn but outrageously terrifying porn.
Like, if normal porn is a little bump on the sidewalk on your Razor at low speed, this is holy-fuck-Kingda-Ka-just-broke-in-half-and-I'm-at-the-top-fuck.
Hasn't stopped him trying though.
He's still a teenager, I don't care if he's in college.
That's weird to me.
I can only think of one car/engine were this is true and that would be on an old oldsmobile if i remeber correctly.
Most oil filters hold less then half a qt of oil.
Source: I change oil for 12hours a day, with over 10years exp.
WTF you use full syn.
If not your getting ripped off go else were.
Were a work a FULL SERVICE oil change up to 5qt.
is 38.99 plus tax (not other bullshit fees unless you got some messed up car with skid plates and holds 8.5qts of oil).
We also offer a oil and filter only service for 27.99.
We also give out coupons for our full service oil changes and everything else we offer but our basic oil and filter only service.
Hell we will go pick up your car if you live/work in the town our shop is in.
I was at my friends house alone, clogged his toilet, no plunger.
so i went to the park and stole one out of the public restroom.
crisis averted
Did you at least offer to unclog it?
i bet you feel like a real dick
An air wrench and cutter were very helpful in taking out some of the bits underneath.
Oh I had my doubts, but there was no way in hell I could afford a professional making $8.75/hr.
People are afraid of lawsuits.
Not every jurisdiction has "Good " laws, which essentially give legal protection for bystanders who try to help.
such legal protection, anyone who tried to help the guy who passed out (by providing CPR, for example) could have charges pressed against them.
yes, and he happily accepted my offer
Should have left an upper decker.
Nope use plain old basic 5w20 car takes 4 Litres.
I'm in Canada so we get typically get hosed pretty good on stuff.
place i've found for an oil change was at $49 dollars.
I can buy a thing of oil for 6 bucks and a filter for 6.95 and do it on my driveway...
Im not saying the oil filter itself.
I'm saying that if he had emptied his transmission fluid, then his oil pan would have been full still.
So removing his oil filter would have allowed some residual oil to flow out through there.
Quick update: His HR canceled the check and is going to give him a new one tomorrow.
His boss was very understanding.
What on Earth were you thinking?
There's a reason WC burgers are known far and wide as "belly bombs"!
You really didn't see that coming?
I wonder how easy it is to shadow someone.
I can't picture a welder, to use your example, allowing it because of liability issues.
Not sure whether OP is actually ashamed...or secretly reveling in possible future sexytimes with waitress...
Known far and wide, but never in my circles.
I was never warned.
Yes, especially considering you swore you were going to fail.
Does your word mean nothing to you?
I am sorry.
If you come to , avoid 's like the plague, then.
It's White Castle in all but name.
Same square, shitty-tasting burgers swimming in a veritable sea of sweated grease.
Same onions, square bun, etc.
EDIT: YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
it was propably
Maybe your skills could use some refreshing.
The word is probably.
That's great, you have spotted a typo.
Have a cookie.
A typo is hitting "g" when you wanted "f".
You flat-out mis-spelled the word while bragging about your "superb" language skills.
I know that feel, I know it all too well.
OP a wank...
and this is why I drive manual transmission OO
I haven't experienced White Castle, but I'm betting the dried fruit is doing as much, if not more, damage.
I once ate 12 dried apricots before realising that each one was the same as eating an apricot.
It wasn't pretty.
I'll probably repeat the mistake though because those little fuckers are so god-damn tasty.
White Castle just makes your shit smell like potent onions, while dried fruit has fiber and is what is doing most of the actual "damage".
Just be glad you didn't eat anything spicy in between all of this, or else you'd be absolutely fucked.
For me, it's not making the pizza that is the problem, it's consuming it safely.
That shit burns your mouth for days, and I actually wait a long ass time before eating it normally, not just straight out of the oven.
I just laughed so hard I almost pissed myself.
While I think the apricots did the most damage, greasy food can fuck you up too sometimes.
But yeah with that combo, you were totally doomed.
I still don't know how our penises(?) are hand magnets.
It's like whenever I wake up it's just...
attached.
It's like the male subconscious is concerned the penis is going to escape in the middle of the night...
Ah, the Robby.
The asian lobby.
Or perhaps just like feeling a real dick.
Well technically you are a stalker - by trying to access more information about a person that said person was comfortable sharing with you.
of liability forms.
Tada, they'll let you shadow.
A lot of places are actually pretty lenient so long as you follow the "shut the fuck up and do as I tell you" rule.
At least in industrial tech, anyways.
I have been studying physics for three years and today was the day i admitted to myself that i will never be smart enough to earn a degree.
Next time, flush while pooing.
This story is so messed up, wrong, and makes me feel for you so much.
I could've never worked in a place like that for more than a few weeks.
You're so strong for having gone through it for so long.
Your husband is really fucking stupid if he doesn't appreciate all that you're doing / have done for the family.
Like others I would also recommend fighting it and trying to get your paycheck back.
P.S TAX THE RICH and raise minimum wage so people won't have to go through this kind of insanely hard circumstances anymore.
"Get back here you little fucker!"
I dont understand whats wrong with sending a friend request.
You are showing that you want to keep in touch.
Then you sent her a friend request on facebook without asking her if she wanted to be friends on a slightly less anonymous social networking site.
Even before anything, your husband and son should understand you.
I mean you are here bcoz u KNOW that there is a community that understands you and will support you in some way.
your family support you then.
And you are working for them.
And no i dont think that you were wrong in demanding whats your right.
trip can be had later.
Rent can be paid with friends' help.
But the psychological damage you are suffering may cause long-term effects.
Have you told your family about your stress?
Send her a link to this too; really finish the job off!
hahahah
Well captain hindsight would say I should have said I want to apprentice one and got a job as a helper instead trying to be one in itself.
was uncomfortable
friend request
not friends
Are you saying I have to actually meet people before I can friend them?
or that to than.
If she didn't want people to see them, she shouldn't put them up on the set to viewable by everyone.
It's not that bad.
you probably shouldn't message her anymore either.
People use FB to "connect" with others right?
Really it just seems to be a site for drama, over sharing and stalking.
I think you were right on target.
But..but..but..whyyy?
All I want to do is look at their bikini pictures!
Uh, yes.
Unless you play online with them all the time
You mean there are other ways to meet people than playing online games with them?
[but for real now, do I really need to wave my sarcasm sign?
I feel for you, and I know what that's like.
My twin brother owned a small company and my mother helped him run it.
He ended up getting money hungry, wouldn't pay my mother.
This escalated into verbal and a few physical fights while at the business and I was in the middle of it.
In the end, cooperate took the business back, fired everyone involving my brother (I was fired due to association?) and he was thrown out like trash.
TL:DR He lost his job for being shitty, my mom never got paid, and his wages were garnished after being sued for paychecks previous employees didn't receive.
I agree with the majority of the other responders here.
If you make a movement legally towards your "ex-boss" then, after winning the dispute, his wages would be garnished and you'd get paid for as long as he has a job.
see a lawyer or your of Labor asap.
Maybe it's just me, but I don't quite understand why she freaked out so much.
I am sure she looks people from OkC up on .
does.
is for stalking.
You choose everything that is displayed to the public on (except cover photo, which is daft) including whether you show up in search results at all.
The keyword there is "public".
Are you fucking serious.
She was on a dating site for fuck's sake.
Get the fuck out of here.
Yes, and I agree that she should have set her stuff to private, I just said that.
What I mean is; it would have been a better move on his part to NOT do it, if you are a Female on , you generally expect most of the men there to be creepy arseholes.
She should have made her profile private, but if he had used better discretion he could have avoided being considered a 'creep'
Are you being serious that you're this worked up about this?
Also - I wasn't referring to pictures, I was talking about pictures because this requires a concerted effort to track her down on facebook.
She would have to be retarded if she moaned about him looking at her pictures
I wouldn't however have called him a stalker, I would have said "Sorry I reserve my facebook for people I actually know."
transmissions are infinitely, more complex than manuals.
Where a Manual transmission just uses gears to transfer torque, an Auto uses fluid and a series of break bands and fiction surfaces, to change gears.
I don't know where you're from, but professional mechanics around me charge closer to $28/hr.
Also, the point was trying to make can be a little difficult to grasp while thinking of the savings.
Check it out...
I'm working with the assumption that you live in the US.
I'm also assuming that you have some college education.
With these assumptions I'm going to work with the ( salary of approximately $47k.
This equates to approximately $22.60/hr.
Now, if you spent two weeks working on the tranny after work, figure an average of 5 hours a night for roughly 10 days.
This equates to approximately $1130 in wages to be paid to you for your time.
Add the $200 you spent on parts and your fathers pay as well and you effectively ended up paying twice the cost.
One thing I don't understand is this, if you drained all the fluid out of the transmission, how did it fry itself?
I am just wondering how you managed to kill it, when their is no way in hell that thing would have been able to even move, and you would have noticed something wrong immediately.
Also if you are insisting on replacing it, check for A.
factory re manufactured trannys, and B.
Call around your local junk yards and things like that, you can usually score one for under 300 bucks.
Good Luck and let me know whats up.
That is about right.
I am going to assume it was one of those little front wheel drive cars like a Kia Rio for Dodge Neon?
Also most filters are above the level of oil in the pan so their is no way it would drain out.
O.O 'Cutter' has me worried, what kind of car is it and WHAT did you cut off?
It won't necessarily do harm but it's definitely not recommended.
Sounds like a bitch to me anyways.
I don't understand accidents like that and girls.
They get freaked out over the smallest thing.
My favorite is the not going to college talk.
Girls typically don't talk to guys that don't go to college.
way college is one big scam.
The one time I went to was the one time I realized it could get worse than ...
OP, what you were doing is totally normal and not really creepy at all.
All guys do this.
That being said you dun fucked up and got caught.
shitty-tasting burgers
I thought you said it was like White Castle?
It's only ok when she does it.
I was worried that I phrased that wrong.
What I meant to say was replacing fluid in either type, or seals in an automatic.
It's only okay when you don't get caught.
For one, transmission oil smells, should have noticed that.
For two - ALWAYS check the oil level as you add oil back in...not just to catch a dummy mistake like this, but to make sure it is at the right level when you are done.
are tedious things to mess with.
I would rather so just about anything else but tranny work.
But yes I don't think he actually hurt it, unless he went out and tried actually driving it on like the freeway or something with that little bit of fluid left in it.
So she freaked out because she saw that someone else was trying to access information that she put on the internet?
She's probably not worth your time.
why does nobody know about the "view full-size image" button?
this man knows what's wrong with this shit
she wasn't actually interested in OP.
I did the same.
Found a girl, we chatted about mutual interests, said it would be cool to meet up sometime.
I thought it would be cool to add her on FB...
Never heard from her again.
My favorite is the not going to college talk.
Girls typically don't talk to guys that don't go to college.
way college is one big scam.
Son of a fucking bitch, that's a thing???
You should have left a note or something..
Did you think leaving a poop filled toilet would just not get noticed?
The name of the game is to not get caught.
Pardon the interruption, but I simply have to ask.
You have a sarcasm sign?
Did you buy/make it yourself?
Or was it somehow awarded to you?
You see, up to this point, I had no idea such a thing existed.
Now that I know this is an actual thing which people possess, I must own one.
Where is my sarcasm sign?
I want it now!
Maybe he drives 9,000 miles a day.
I was hoping he would of thought it was one of his kids or something.
But it turned out they were staying the weekend at their mother's house.
Ah, nice play!
Didn't realize he had other people living with him haha
I made it myself, it's like one of those big old 70s protests signs.
I hold it up and wave it at my screen whenever somebody doesn't get my online sarcasm.
For just $14.99 I can send you the concept drawings!
I made them myself!
In paint!
edition!
First come, first serve!
I do so want one!
But gee willikers, that price is pretty steep.
Can I put it on layaway?
TIL how to shoot/kill a deer for meat if the situation ever arises.
I'm pretty sure OP said TIFU, and the friending part was accidental, and yes is wierd and stalkerish, that we can all agree on.
But just looking up pictures or googling someone?
, is there anyone that your interested in that you wouldn't google and see if they have a public facebook?
Hell, I google random ppl I know just bored at work.
I think that's what the ppl responding to your post are saying.
Indeed I did.
I would rather eat my own flesh (I think) than eat WC or K burgers.
For our more savy customers we also offer a payment plan.
For only 30 easy monthly rates of just $9.99 you can own your very own Sign or tomorrow.
Call now.
202-456-1414 All we need are your credit card number, your social security number and your first born as a deposit!
Only 2 more left!
Call now!
Shitty situation indeed.
Flush earlier?
I was told that works, but I never took a massive clogging shit as of yet.
Haha fucking golden jerry
You looked in his pants
Didja fuck 'er
Why didn't you say so in the first place?
I hate to haggle, but I surely did get a lower price out of you, Sucker!
To celebrate, I'm going straight to and buy myself something nice with all those savings.
The best part about strangers is that if you make a fool of yourself, you'll never have to see them again!
Was it while he was wearing them?
The world may never know!
If she was uncomfortable sharing information she wouldn't host it on a public site.
Gee, I'm not suggesting the gruesome truth...ya know, ", I'm really sorry, but I think Boots died and went to kitty heaven.
Let me walk you home to your parents and I'll tell them about what happened."
Tune in later for THE PAY CHEQUE
I'm going to make sure to email every celebrity before I look up their wiki page.
See how stupid that sounds?
Why the hell do you need to use discretion?
It's not like he 4chaned the .
It was a 97 Dodge .
I had to cut the exhaust pipe near the engine block in half to free up the transmission.
It wasn't too hard to patch it back together.
Blame Dodge for making the most clusterfuck-y car ever.
It's actually quite funny becuase this is one of the few options that is available to actually maximize the meeting of college girls in Boston.
There is a well-known saying around here:"If you aint in their class, you aint getting no ass."
go to barnes and noble.
it sounds to me like he just was checking if this chick was misrepresenting herself which is pretty damn prudent on the internet.
I think he should grasp that he is searching for the proverbial diamond in the rough on and let this go.
It's not like this is someone he met in real life.
He wasn't creeping on some chick he sat next to once in a lecture or something.
Which is 100% fair.
I'm sure she did the same thing.
That's not a big deal.
Get another check.
My wife once lost my $400+ CASHED check.
That fucking sucked.
I had to sell everything i loved.
to do it pretty quickly though, oddly enough.
Did he mention the circle or something?
Not recommended is correct.
I got my oil changed 2 days later.
It does help clean the motor if you add a half quart of tranny fluid to the oil in older cars with high mileage.
That's something that you should ask your mechanic before doing, though.
Source- my dad who is a master tech and runs a shop.
I should have paid more attention when I was younger, might have averted that situation.
there are two sides to this.
stupid for her to put it up, weird for you to look for it.
So close to being perfect.
You can see my coworker checking how big the hole is that the front tire had sunk in to.
No, I can't.
EDIT: Now I can, because the submission has been edited.
If that were me, I would be cleaning my poop off the seat.
Is it just me, or is that an plate?
I'm a straight chick.
Not everyone on Reddit is a dude.
Is it weird?
When I'm interested in someone/something for any reason, I use my resources to find out more.
With today's technology, you should expect someone who doesn't know you to Google the fuck out of you if they find some sort of interest in you.
It's only okay when you're super hot, and like, stuff.
My nipples too.
In woman talk, her last statement translates as, "Yay, now I can tell all my friends that I have a stalker.
Thank you for justifying my existence and giving me something to talk about for a day and a half before I go back to natting about Jersey Shore and wishing someone would love me."
exposed my female coworker to a penis Next time it needs to be on purpose.
Time to progress in life.
Every time you see someone limping from now on, you should be honest, pat them on the back and say, "Well you're outta the gene pool aren't you?
Oh well, more bitches for me."
Good to know.
No woman/girl/vagina is worth that.
You need to take a step back and get some perspective.
Look at how valuable, logical, and giving you are and how much of a taker and airhead she is.
She doesn't deserve to talk to you.
You are better than her.
Women.
Next time let the men hold the electronics.
You hold the parasol and watch out for those scawwy insects aww.
I mean the more I've noticed with dating chicks the second I say I didnt go to college things change almost instantly..
I do how ever own three successful online businesses which make up for it.
I guess they assume I live in my parents basement.
I own a 600 thousand dollar house and drive a BMW.
I'm everything typical of a rich douche bag.
I like that you're the only person who (correctly) assumed I am a woman.
Your username is , chief.
If she thinks that's creepy of you, she probably doesn't think you're attractive either.
Yeah I thought it was pretty obvious too.
dude, whatever.
one girl on the entire internet thinks you're a creep?
even if she's in your city, one girl in the city thinks you're a creep?
I know half a dozen people that think I'm a creep.
you will never meet even a ten-thousandth of the people on earth, even if you spend every day of your life meeting as many people as you can.
that's not what the definition of a stalker is
Maybe your feet are just small?
Small contact area = difficult to balance.
After she messaged him in interest on a dating site.
That's weird too.
She has a double standard.
Wouldn't you want to know about someone before you date them?
Damn, that's really discouraging.
I'm gonna have to just get with hood rat girls that are pumped I have a job at all.
I am just going to be blunt...She is not going to change her mind about you because she has a vagina, and has no use for yours.
I am not trying to be insulting but to be honest your acting all emotional and that falls more into the female friend category, not a potential man to date.
Let me explain...We like...no wait...we NEED a man that can stand up for himself, it lets us know that should the time come, he can stand up for us if need be.
You are not doing that, you are being strung along to a point that is ridiculous and then APOLOGIZING when it finally gets to you.
You are probably not her best friend, a guy who is interested in you cannot really be your best friend because you cannot tell them everything.
When she does find someone she actually cares about, he will become her best friend and you will alone, because you allowed her to take total control of your personal life.
She doesn't want you to date for her own selfish reasons.
You don't want to play games, what you are really saying is I don't want to play my game, I want to play hers, because this IS a game rather you like it or not.
But then again why would she?
We like men, not boys, we need a guy that won't tolerate our bullshit and is fully capable of being happy without us, not one that keeps apologizing for caring about me.
What you did was a little creepy stalker, but it wasn't THAT bad, your acting like you hit her or boiled her bunny or something, chalk it up to a bad day and move on.
The reason she is concerned is because as I said before, you are HER dick in a glass, and she doesn't want the attention going to someone else.
TLDR; She has a vagina, and therefor doesn't need yours; If you can be walked on, you will be walked on, and no girl wants to date a doormat.
My bad bro, though if it helps Im really only talking about Boston, I dont know about other cities because everywhere else I lived was never this small and so college-y.
enough, I was talking about this with some bouncer yesterday.
He said something along them lines as well (he's been here for about a year and is from Idaho or some midwest state, so he's not used to hood rat chicks and doesnt want that).
I've been here 3 years, though, we ended up both agreeing that here it's a social circle city.
So if you can get into some social circle (from school affiliation, work, or just plain money) and network from their and arent too picky, you'll be fine.
though, creepiness works on a scale of beauty.
Once a certain level of attractiveness is achieved, that creepiness becomes flattering.
I appreciate the words of encouragement.
Oddly enough, she's moving to fucking .
To go back to school for her masters.
Click beetles are highly toxic.
Within hours of consumption of a click beetle, people are compelled to post on popular internet forums just before keeling over.
Sorry bro.
you'll be fine.
Maybe check out if your interested in a better set-up
I think you might be on to something here!
It's probably nothing to worry about aside from the cringe factor.
Prolly, could make the most of that, stay friends, move in on her friends, etc..
I myself am ready to move.
Though, Im looking way toward the South.
I need these past 3 days weather all year round and a fun change of mentality.
These people sound like your average to me, except they noticed you were there.
And don't have a clue how to use a computer.
Good eye.
How could you tell?
Stay away from KFC's , my friend.
How did this happen?
confucious say, "Man with hand down pants feels cocky".
My friend did this, he was over our house and before we woke up he went home because he 'felt ill'.
Later that day we found the monstrosity he left in the toilet.
Let's just say I had to shower after unclogging and cleaning the toilet.
Pssst.
It's me.
Good grammar is important on reddit.
You should fix the OP.
My grandmother was a mechanics wife, and she has an oil-lubed air compressor, that she failed to change the oil in for twelve years.
I always found bearded men to be quite wise.
I read the headline and felt that was all I needed to know.
My imagination is taking care of the rest.
Damn, that sucks.
me of something that happened to my sister a few years ago.
He apartment was only like an hour away though.
She forgot her apartment key at home, so she called my dad and he went to meet her halfway to give it to her.
About a half hour later, I get a call from her.
Dad somehow forgot to take the keys with him, so I ended up meeting her 15 minutes from our house to give her keys to her.
I know you're broke and all but a brand new coffee machine can be had for like $10-$15 at walmart.
You know the FDA has "safe" limits established for insects/insect parts, rodent fur, droppings, and mold, right?
IIRC, berries can be flash frozen when 60% or less of them are moldy, and still considered safe for consumption.
Or maybe that's one of those internet legend things.
But seriously, you're eating bug parts all the time.
And it's not so bad, just look up entomophagy on google some time.
i thought it was just me
sure we do that, but it's still weird.
you're supposed to talk to somebody to find out more about them.
real social interaction.
it's just that people post too much personal info online, and it's really easy to find it.
website, left disappointed.
Any trolls yet?
You didn't do anything, nothing to worry about.
He wouldn't have been offended, and you were trying to help him.
You're a good person!
Thanks for the head's up.
The url in the add-on bar was enough for me in context.
Nearly everyone who went to college:
TIFU the college degree I wasted 4 - 8 years getting is useless to me and I owe more in student loans than most people owe on houses.
Shit...I gotta download some meatloaf.
Other than being old, this one is actually really good.
That brings me back to an 11th grade economics lecture on government regulation: "You can have rodent hair in your cereal, but not too much.
You can even have rodent poop in your cereal, as long as it's not too much."
of the situation:
info: Brakes have been unreliable and have been under repair on and off for the last two weeks.
We blew a line, the mechanics didn't repair it properly, the line was leaking at the source, fixed it and promptly blew another line before even putting it in gear.
They were softening up again today even though they were properly bled this time.
Play by play: across the road and trying to straighten out.
a little bit late to straighten out, spun the wheel too far because I was thinking about keeping the back tires (rwd) out of the ditch.
This caused the front end to swing out too far.
Can we think about life from the POV of a DMV employee for a moment?
When you work in retail or for any type of company, you have a certain type of clientele.
When you work at the DMV you deal with everybody.
and their fucking CAR shit.
People get fucking RILED about their cars because now days we all commute 30 - 40 minutes a day.
a car we're fucked.
And very often, these people have no clue what type of paperwork they'll need to get that handled.
I myself often forget at least one thing causing the poor DMV ladies to have to call the assessor or some other office in the tangled mess that is state government.
So day to day dealing with people who don't know a damn thing about the thing their very livelihood depends on.
Who just want to say "here, get this shit ready for me so I can continue my life.
let me inconvenience you so that you can fucking get me back on track.
That is some draining shit right there.
So they put their guard up.
They become hardened.
right when you think a little old lady is going to make your day wonderful, you find out she hasn't assessed her property in 20 GD years.
Why do I identify so much with the DMV employees?
I work in IT.
Change a few words around and you got my job.
You fucking show some respect to your DMV employees.
Give them a fucking pie.
I'm sure they'd love to hear this story, too.
It's not exactly a stereotype, it's a statistic.
Your chances of having a crash apparently are highly influenced by sex, race, and type of car.
if you see an asian woman in a subaru, they're probably either heading to or away from an accident.
I read that somewhere on the internet so it must be true.
I drove past a lady today who had hit a fawn with her car, and because she was rolling it into the ditch we figured it was dead.
We were in the County truck so we figured it would be good of us to stop by and see if there was anything we could do (aka drag it further into the bush).
She isn't visibly shaken at all and when she begins talking to us she doesn't sound it either.
She didn't sound at all regretful, just annoyed.
She quickly explained that it wasn't dead, that the back leg was broken.
Right on time, as my coworker begins to step into the ditch, it bolts up and starts trying to hop away on three legs.
to say, this startled us a little bit.
The lady then got in her car and sped away without another word.
My coworker and I were left wondering what to do about this poor deer because it was obviously in pain and we wanted to end it's suffering.
We go back to the truck to see if he had his pocketknife on him as usual, which he didn't, on the one day we really needed it.
This is what sucked about this:
We had no knife in the truck, only a pair of scissors, a pitchfork, a shovel, a steel mallet, a handsaw, and a crowbar.
We considered a quick blow to the head, but neither of us thought we would be able to handle something that violent.
So he thinks about snapping its neck.
We go back, determined to get the deed done, and find that the fawn can hardly move anywhere now; the pain must have become too great.
We get within a few feet of it and it screams (which we figured would happen, but had hoped wouldn't), then we hear a doe not too far into the woods answer it.
We asked some of the trucks coming out of the gravel pit if they had a knife, but none did.
feeling of helplessness.
So in relation to this post, thank you for caring about the animal you hit.
A woman hit a baby deer, rolled it into the ditch while it was alive (only had a broken leg), left us to clean up after her.
We had no knife on us (stupid us for forgetting to make sure we had one in the county truck) and so had to seriously consider how to put it down through quite violent means.
The woman didn't appear to care in the least about the animal, only her schedule.
My coworker and I had to leave the poor animal to die because we had no other options we could follow through with.
EDIT: bolds
fuck you man.
Read my post above (sort by new, I just made it) as it is about slow deaths.
As a person who has lost two pets to cars (one ours, one while "petsitting"), I thank you.
It is better for it to simply die immediately.
I'm sure you're wondering, it was not negligence on our part that allowed them to be hit.
The owner of the pet we had for a bit had put it outside and then left, but didn't tell us.
The dog is very little, so it escaped the backyard by going under/between the fence/gate.
Our own dog was hit because he managed to get out as well (many years before) but it was a fluke.
ProTip: Press your palm into your lower stomach under your belly button, then rock back and forth.
Sit up straight and let the flood gates open.
I had a dog get hit by a truck because we took its leash off like we always did when we got it to the door.
except instead of going inside, it just bolted the other way.
it saw the neighbor's cat.
cat made it, jack didn't.
i miss jack :(
past tense selves are devious malicious fuckers who should NEVER be trusted.
they don't care about us in the least.
yeah..i thought that only happened in movies.
"ALRIGHT HONEY I'M IN A HURRY, PLEASE SERVE ME MY ALLSTAR SLAM SO I CAN ATTEMPT TO EAT IT AND MAKE IT TO WORK ON TIME."
PFFFT.
i've beat 21000 plenty of times.
internet legend things
You mean this
My mom ran over bunnies on our lawn with the mower once (the grass was fairly high and the bunnies were very small).
We never saw bunnies on our property again, and never had before (not except for darting through, that is)
In Viet Nam, you pay extra for this.
I decided to disassemble and clean my old drip coffee maker, found a box elder bug in the boiler tray.
It had been there at least a year and maybe two.
Sister-in-law was so horrified at the story she bought me a sweet Braun replacement.
To be fair, this sounds like it's far less of a screwup on your part and far more of a screwup on the part of the school for not providing you with an actually capable laptop.
yeah there's ways to fix that.
i've done this tons of times.
probably wouldn't have happened if it was YOUR cheese.
you're THAT guy.
this guy ---
It's law, and curtesy, for slower traffic to "keep right".
...can you not control your bladder?
I can be taking a huge monumental marble chipping piss and yet if i hear a sound, like a deer in the woods, I will freeze, stop mid stream, and listen.
wtf is wrong with you?
Yes, thank you sir.
I knew I'd heard it from a reliable source (well, reliable to me, anyway), but honestly wasn't that interested in digging up the link.
I've always had good results holding his little head under a stream of water (turn on the bathtub if he's bigger).
I posted it somewhere else so I knew where to find it easily.
I'd recommend not clicking the link before dinner.
i hate that show.
i always just end up screaming at the tv GET SOME REAL PROBLEMS YOU FUCKTARDS!
you don't see kids in africa eating laundry detergent or drinking gasoline.
they're too busy FUCKING SURVIVING to deal with such petty bullshit.
show should be called "strange attention whores."
Dont be ashamed man.
You have no reason to, it's what you where into andd the girl misunderstood you, and besides this will make for a great story and laugh in the future
At first I thought you were heading in the direction of accidentally playing porn.
This doesn't actually sound that bad, it's not your fault, it's the schools.
apparently someone is a dmv employee
TIMSF
Today I Made School Fun
People are pleased with this.
Any type of scenario where you have to sit for hours and something funny happens, makes it better.
You just became the cool kid.
Let me correct that, "da koo kid."
You poor thing :( Do not take this lying down.
Lawyer up and sue that bastard.
You did everything right and he has no right to treat you like this
thanks for the tip
(D) You were nice enough to offer to help him.
...apparently someone can't read?
no, i read it.
im sorry you chose to work at the dmv.
i work in the pizza business and when people order not knowing what the hell they want or what any of the specials are, i dont get upset and put my guard up.
i act like a normal human being and respect the customer.
i do respect my dmv employees.
Here's something I learned.
(I'm on my phone so I apologize for any mistakes) When this happens, there is nothing there for you to fight for but heart ache and depression.
Look the other way.
Stop contacting this bitch.
Don't give her the satisfaction of being her fall back guy.
Step up and find a better girl.
They can either re-key the place, or they can make a matching key - even without the existing key.
There may be some burden in convincing him you live there, but you should have something that associates you with the place.
You should have tried something like (
Sound advice, but I've got a stomach that allows it.
Yes, I still buy and eat the things on that list.
Hasn't killed me yet, not likely to any time soon.
The things that scare me are like bologna.
, it's meat.
But I'm afraid of it.
case and point.
don't trust church.
It just doesn't compute to me how someone can move a vehicle without everyone in there having their seatbelts on.
Can't agree more.
Don't worry OP, nobody's gonna think
"hey, remember that time made an IT error?
LOL, what a loser!
So unprofessional!".
It's more like "haha, remember when kept us out of class for five minutes longer?
That was cool."
in Russia, they pay you !
We've lost two coffee makers to ant flash mobs.
But that is still better then the cat we had that figured out how to pee in toasters.
I fail to see how this is a TIFU, you always want to leave room for improvement when it comes to performance reviews so you can always so improvement.
If you start at the top the only way to go is down.
On a first date I clogged a girl's toilet, couldn't find a plunger and had to ask for her help.
Drank
This whole big world and that's what stumps you?
I once feinted from dehydration while waiting on line for a sandwich.
I was taken away in an ambulance, but only because I had hit my head on the way down and had a massive concussion.
I still don't remember a thing from that day.
It's not the only thing that stumps me, but it's one of them.
Made the same mistake; would do again.
At least they don't have beetles in their coffee.
I'm sure that really happened.
One day they served some coffee that a mission team had brought back from .
It was sour enough that I wouldn't be surprised.
The coffee maker that my mother gave me for a few years ago had stuff growing in it.
I'm a tech too, though for semi-tractors, not on cars but I went to auto tech school not diesel.
But was the coffee good?
i guess i wasnt clear enough with my sarcasm.
what im trying to say is youre no less rude than they are just because you want something different.
Oh I know plenty of people who use Macs and are great with computers - however, the ones who do are not usually the ones who show it off.
To them, it's a tool just like a regular pc is to the rest of us engineer(s)/(ing students).
I apologize for not being clearer before, I figured most people would understand what I was getting at.
It's been a tough week, maybe reddit will forgive me?
Our current task is to check all of the entrances and culverts in the county, so we are constantly in and out of the truck.
We have two flashing lights and the four-ways on at all times.
Sick.
I have a good one, too:
One morning I was pouring water into my Keurig as usual.
The water ...holder...thing on the side isn't really see-through.
As the water was rising, I saw some dark object was rising with it.
The water reached the top and so did the object, it was a dead roach.
I have been paranoid since then.
I also washed the Keurig water reservoir (that's the word I was looking for!) several times and ran lots of water through it with a coffee cleaning chemical.
BLECH.
isn't 4-8 years.
I don't think you know what the word college means in the way that this guy is using it.
This doesn't seem like anything that was within your control.
I don't know if you have self-esteem issues, but sometimes you have to just say fuck it and let them deal with their own shit.
If they don't have you running the equipment, they'll have those two idiots running it and soon realize that they want you back
I know because I frequently helped with tech crew at my high school although I wasn't formally on it
of the crap roads...
Get a welding apprenticeship.
what I was expecting lol
Drink some prune juice and release the krappen
I would have just asked my roommate to make a copy of his or her key, it would be a lot cheaper than driving back.
I decided not to, the course definitely makes it look like I am a welder.
But I cant put my body through that many toxins.
I want to live past the age of 50, and I hate picking black concentrated smoke/metal out of my nose.
It also speeds along the apprentiship or will work ojut as a fall back plan.
You know as another 18 year old, I think I can safely say that 99.9% of people my age are still really just kids.
This girl obviously proves it.
Sure, she is ignorant (and probably a little dumb), but she is still a kid and we all act this way at times.
And my axe!
6 black numbers/letters on the front of the truck.
Where did this happen?
I live in the GTA.
Dude, don't feel bad.
You just had a minor flub up.
No biggie!
How do you know there aren't seven?
But I guess it isn't too difficult
Make that a black truck with a CB radio and that is my baby.
And that is exactly how my baby looked when I drove her through a dried up lake bed
I'm actually stalking you.
In fact, I'm standing behind you right now.
It just looked like 6 based on where the last 3 are.
And I think I can see the "O" in "".
Ah man that sucks, I killed a lot of animals too, but what can you do, they just jump out on the road.
I killed coons, possums, birds, turtles, dogs.
I don't even go fast, but when they leap out right in front of my tires, stopping wont do shit.
Where I live there's always some animal looking for the right time to jump out at you.
And always at night too, I never killed anythin in the daylight.
It really does suck that it was a gift and you killed it, but hey, it happens a lot frequently.
But you cannot really do anything now.
come and go.
All this KONY 2012 stuff is so annoying- I can't wait until it's all blown over.
Wasn't the guy who made the video siding with other dictators that were doing like, the same thing as Kony?
Am i the only one here against hurting something that looks like ( ?
Think of it this way; at least you're not a hugecatfish.
They can steal your identity now.
I mean, I heard that on the internets just now so...
It's a long, hilarious, TIFU story.
a one time deal though.
I happily use the john properly daily.
Sorry man, it's just you.
The more you say the name, the more fuel he is getting, it's all so stupid.
(I thought you couldn't get banned from , well done)
Haaa.
Even if Biebs was a girl, that doesn't mean he was having sex.
9/10 pornos involve sex, my friend.
Take the long view.
We all get hung up here and there, what or why or how isn't important.
The thing is, the love of your life is only the love of your life until you meet the love of your life.
I wouldn't worry too much about how much of a flaming hygiene or whatever.
But it is important that you recognize this is not cool.
I would assume she wasn't breakng trust, she was fucking scared.
She can do whatever the fuck she wants, she doesn't have to consult you.
Look, man, whatever you hoped would happen here is not going happen.
It'd probably be best to spend that effort bettering yourself as opposed to chasing her.
Think about it.
You can spend this time going over all this shit in your head (which you've no doubt been doing) or you can spend this time bettering yourself.
Work out, read, start a project, get some therapy...
Please realize, though, that nothing good will come from the path you're on.
yep op is a dummy
Own it and the other kids will love you.
That must have been a tasty cup of coffee.
RIP
Hot Coffee all over my nuts and thighs.
Had to goto the ER for 2nd and 3rd degree Burns.
365x10years=3650days 10,000oilchanges/3650days=2.739 times a day.
Fuck mate you why do you change your oil so often?
Seems like this is a rookie mistake you have made.
It was a gatorade bottle, so it probably had one of these 'sporty' tips to filter the nails.
Not the germs though.
I like ripping on him just as much as anyone, but that was just lame.
Tell them you were really, really itchy and suspect that you have worms.
Ask your mum to pick up some worming medicine for you.
Say no more than this.
It'll give them an explanation they can relate to, and the awkwardness should subside into understanding.
Who knows, it may end up being a funny story in the future...
In the future, I'd suggest either locking your door or going to the bathroom for that.
Though now that I think about it, I'm sure your mom will knock at your door from now until the end of time.
So you probably don't have to worry about that happening again.
After adding up all the positives and negatives, dog will still love you.
Were you able to recover?
Are you fucking fisting me?
I wish nothing but misfortune upon the sorry bitch who took your backpack.
Volvo 240?
you should start shaving down there to prevent berries from accumulating all together?
Are you fucking fisting me?
Well, are you??
or just wiping properly
Even with wiping properly dingle berries dont always consist of crap, sometimes they are lint and hurt like a bitch to remove
Now everyone in the office thinks I'm a crude lesbian.
Are you otherwise either?
a guy, got a lady.
i married her, as she thought my shit didn't stink.
Garble garble garble putain merde trou-de-cul garble garble
sh...should I be?
Who says there still can't be one?
you have to pay for that kind of thing.
Try not do do (
If you were a dude, you'd have been sued.
FUCK new underwear.
"Man with hand in bush is not nessecerily trimming the hedges"
Didn't expect this end result.
surprised.
/megusta
Are you a lesbian?
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest the crotch of whoever stole your bag, and may their arms be too short to scratch!
nice rhyme
I do tech stuff at my school too.
No matter what, people will blame you for any error.
One time our amp blew and everyone just thought we fucked up.
As a mistake though, yours wasn't that bad.
That's what I wanted to say.
have you ever been to ?
Shave your ass.
makes me cringe.
Im so ashamed that I gave myself a downvote.
"two fat cocks, and oil " WTF ?
lol...brainfail...i ilike that
Gender stereotypes.
It was legit, and spectacularly awkward.
"I really had to shit."
I think that goes without saying...
I wish you yelled "MOM, MOM THANK GOD YOU CAME, PLEASE HELP ME" right then and there, leading into a naked chase after your horrified mother throughout the entire house.
is all fun and games until someone gets acid on their hands...
Did you get reported to HR?
I refuse to believe that was a legitimate sexual harassment video that would be used in actual work places.
fucking thing I've seen in awhile.
I could go for a power fuck right now."
today you fucked up your TIFU post title
lol bad luck..
Thanks, I needed that.
Ehh it's just far less likely I mean it's still possible but there far less of a chance of it going to court and such.
Gender equality.
'MERICA!!!
is fuckable
Yes, and every time I see unfuckable beasts...and their loud, ugly crotchfruit.
I can only guess there's a lot of IVF going on.
slip.
Are dingleberries common?
I've only seen them on hairy beastly animals.
Are you a bison, sir?
I often wonder why people think reddit is full of nerds who cant get a date, then I read comments like this
Hm.
Oh, well shucks.
It was like an express highway..
..of shit!
You could always try to tell her what you meant to say.
ohh maybe, i just looked at my keyboard and figured he messed up seeing that the y is right next to the t
= kids, not the adult's junk...
Took me a second...
I believe it's a reference (Cletus refers to his kids that way).
So, that fluoroscope, the one being shoved up your bum, had been shat on "all the time" by hundreds of other people.
I know it was cleaned and everything, but still...
for the answer.
Raw rice?
Wh...Was a bathroom out of the question?
Were guests barred from using them?
You couldn't hold it for five seconds, then briskly walk to the lavatory?
Why would you poop in the garden?
Good boy.
depending on what you're going for, it is.
like this are generally 1-2 years max, associates are 2 years, bachelors 4 years, and beyond that it gets tricky.
I've never heard the whole song till now...I love it!
Cause he'll never stop, Nancy.
Hey, anytime...
...Eggs?
I shop at ...
I prefer Crotch-.
I haven't thought about this in literally half a dozen years and by that I mean I watched this in 2006 and haven't thought of it since, but, you'll thank me.
I know your tricks.
Yet, is there a human being on the planet that that is not technically "fuckable" in some sense of the word?
Uhhh, like 15% of the humans on the planet are children.
No one said anything about everyone at Wal-mart.
Pretty much this.
In high school I was the doormat, loved a girl unconditionally and she always used me.
Cried on my shoulder, came back to me after relationships and ignored me when she was in one, etc.
She was a fucking bitch.
You don't pay for her to come, you pay for her to leave.
Paging Dr.
Freud.
for the internet: what we really want are photos of you, photos of her, and hopefully, photos of you two fucking.
Amen and god bless.
EDIT: "sllip of the tongue" fits here somewhere.
That would've been too awkward for my stomach.
In units, 500 Ceras worth of awkwardness.
Just don't pour stuff back into containers.
Won't have to do any judging that way.
A lesson harshly learned.
I'm saying that a welding certification is not likely offered by a university (or what 's call a "city college"?), but by a college (" college"?).
Most college courses would be 2-3 years, undergrad (bachelor's) four years minimum, and then yes it gets tricky.
If I may ask, why is Rule #1 so important?
Isn't it obvious what it is?
I left it out because it was very close to a very big TIFU but was thankfully only a small TIFU on the scale of seriousness of the occurrence
yeah, it's eastern ontario.
I figured that last letter helped too
We've got a CB.
Not sure if it works though.
How did this happen?
for a new fishing spot in low light driving off on some trails.
Took a wrong turn and we have had hardly any rain so I drove right into the bed and sank in the soft dirt.
Aside from the obligatory request for photos of any woman mentioned online for any reason, there is a valid point here.
A picture of her would add tremendously to the conversation.
With that, we could decide how fuckable she is, and better appreciate whether your coworkers would ever believe that your statement was a meaningless mistake.
(, a picture of you would add depth to this debate.)
, a picture of you two "together" would be gratuitous, but, no doubt, popular.
No, this is a tit.
Overly ?
a cigar is just fuckable.
Yet many priests see past this physicality and into their beautiful fuckable soul.
True, pour it down the drain of course
Story was better than expected due to hilarious ending.
Call a plumber.
Call him now.
If you wait til the badness happens it'll be too late.
It's the kind of bad luck thats almost ridiculous.
get better underwear...
I've never heard of getting lint dingleberries.
In this case, yes, with lots of water depending on the concentration of the HCl.
Hello pedobear!
What tipped you off?
the .com logo at the bottom right?
that's the whole point of the dating site - get to know other lonely people, maybe meet them, hope you don't get raped
I did this to my buddies car.
I put a 2 liter of Coke slurpee on the sun roof we both got in I was riding shotgun.
Then he opened the sun roof and it fell down top first (with no lid) onto his balls and all over the car.
He had to have a shower while I cleaned up the car.
I still haven't lived that one down.
People who really care about their cats don't let them outside.
I have a hard time believing the numbers are that high.
bummer..
eww, soggy
Nice try, rational pervert.
almost everyone.
as a women: unpossible.
roulette with your privates!
Buy cocoa puffs and leave them randomly around the house until the subject of you "leaving your dingleberries everywhere" comes up
Shit man, you're in a shitty shittuation!
Or just really really fat?
stuff.
I didn't look at the label too much, but I doubt it was too highly concentrated.
We were instructed to dispose of it in the sink with water.
I always like to take papper into the toilet(so i dont get water on my ass) but always when im out to friends houses it wont flush cuz i got to much papper ;/
Wow, you really need to get out more.
BRAZZERS
You fucked up for two reasons:
One you didn't check the label.
Two you never pour stuff back in regardless of whether it's the right bottle.
You don't want to contaminate your stock solutions.
This happened to me, but with my one year old brother.
It hit him in the face and then he fell backwards and smacked his head of the wood floor.
He was crying for ages, I felt so guilty.
Well if you were a guy they would have sat you down and had a chat about sexual harassment in the workplace, unless she was your superior.
So thank god they just think you're a lesbian, that's much better.
I'd play that card for a bit and see where it goes.
Wow, that's bad.
apparently the sarcasm in that statement went over peoples head.
My cell phone is packed and if I ever lose it...
Well it will be a fappy day for someone.
Wow unbelievable!!!
I was gonna say it was a Volvo.
Yep 240 wagon.
I always wanted to write a letter to them...
I really wasnt that mad at my Mom, although it did hurt like hell, but maybe I thought a trip to the ER was more fun than the Day Camp we were headed to that day.
haha yeah this whole ordeal has helped (forced?) me to become a lot less neurotic about poop in general.
Sat on a poop machine?
doesn't really come across via internet.
Moral of the story: if you're paying thousands for a good education, try to actually educate yourself.
Sorry bout your chin..but damn macbook(pro/air?) are built solid.
everyone can go round on round with the OS but Apple knows hardware more than almost anyone.
and i really with would start building their own stuff
The need to poop kept happening every ten minutes or so.
I already pooped twice in the previous hours at home so I thought I'd be okay...
I was super apprehensive about using the toilet because I didn't want to ruin it for other people who wanted to use it.
considering that it was constantly in use and/or surrounded, mainly by groups of girls.
It came to the point where I thought "fuck it, everybody poops" so I stole a roll of toilet paper and headed out into the back of the garden behind bushes and went.
He lives on an acreage so I thought I would have gotten away with it!
Do NOT shave your asshole.
I don't have the wherewithal to find the post about a guy who did, but maybe someone else has the link saved.
You would not believe the vital role that ass hairs play in the venting of farts and flow of sweaty ass juices.
You should be picking dingleberries in the shower, sir, like every other hard-working !
yep use raw rice.
and in an airtight container.
my cousin fixed her blackberry after it had fallen into her toilet by using raw rice.
My teacher made both of these very clear to me.
I would've figured them out for myself but I wasn't thinking straight, for whatever reason.
Shit happens, I guess.
Tell them you're bi?
I always wished my 240 had something functional as a cupholder.
Plus, by the time it got to me the faceplate had come off the glove compartment and one of the arms that held the compartment shut was broken.
No cups for me.
you get the bear, sometimes the bear spills food into your shoe.
That's fucked up.
No class whatsoever.
If you count children as anyone under eighteen, then I'd say it's probably more than twenty percent.
Eh, you are probably right.
I have no idea what I am talking about.
"I told you fifty fucking times that you need to turn left here!
That's it, I'm leaving!" And with that, Jeff the GPS left and was never heard from or seen again by anything living.
Lol, I wasn't trying to be a dick, and I was planning on doing a numbers breakdown, but my number keys are broken.
, if you break down the population into five groups, every eighteen years, then that gets you all the way up to ninety years old.
Past that, you can logically group in with the last category, seventy-two until ninety, because we know that there aren't more old people than younger.
From there, if the population is broken into five groups by age, the younger ones will always be larger, cause population is growing and they have less time to die.
As such, it's logical that the children population is at least twenty percent, but most likely significantly higher.
You'll certainly be memorable to her.
Missed connections.
I do not know what .com is.
Wow, they were still there even after a shower?
you need to shower better.
Still, no one should have to suffer through his mother gazing at his taint.
there is little chance she'd forget who I am, and certainly the potential is there but I am moving to a new city soon.
I don't think it'd be wise to connect with anyone before I move.
How did you mistake "" with "," exactly?
I hate to be a dick, but it should be "who was," not "whom was."
Thanks for the correction.
I don't mind when people correct my errors.
This is sigmond Freud, are you calling to report anothet phalic sighting
Invent that memory thingcrom men and black that should do the trick
I drive a 240 wagon...
I'm all too familiar with that deceptive divot, and passengers thinking it's a cupholder.
TL;SU
too long; sociology upvote
Word
For the most part, that's unnecessary for inorganic chemicals anyway.
Unless your school is archaic with metallic piping, most places use plastic pipes.
OR sometimes you get the beer, sometimes the beer spills into your shoe.
Or you could go back and be that funny guy who made the huge mess that one time and get her number.
Johnny was a chemist's son, but Johnny is no more.
What Johnny thought was H2O was H2SO4.
True, you didn't assume something was water, (I have before...
that led to bad things) but I think the point is valid.
And what is school for but for learning?
Best title ever.
fake tits!
Dude, this is the most easily fixed fuck-up you could have done.
You didn't make a move then, but there'll be other chances to make a move.
Just try again.
DON'T BE A COWARD: MISSED CONNECTIONS.
I hope so.
We never really see each other except through mutual friends, so if she's cold I doubt I could meet just me and her.
We'll see I suppose!
nothing to do here
Fuck it, you're a man and you'll shit where you please.
If you have a Subaru, I can say it is easy to do.
I worked at a , and every new employee did it once.
When you are rushing between 3 bays it all looks the same until you see that red fluid coming out...
If you both admitted feelings for each other while holding her hand at a candlelight dinner then I'm pretty sure you can ask her to another date.
Smoov.
Shit bro...
go back alone and try again dude!...
it just might work out for you with this woman dude.
she most def would remember you...as that clumsy guy who was spilled his drinks while trying to look at her.
[Looks like you're in a shitty situation.](
is 4 years for a bachelors, 2 more for a masters, and a few more if you don't have your shit together like most 18 - 22 year olds.
I'm sorry you can't read.
But I never worked at the DMV.
I am really, really sorry to hear that, but I can't stop myself from laughing.
, I can't!
Your first question was so unexpected, it killed me.
Then the answer to that question sent me over the edge.
wait til his cock is in your ass to tell him you dont want a relationship
Learn to say no, even if it "feels weird", cos I imagine you'd be pretty upset if your boyfriend said yes to a date with another woman.
How do you know they are from Los ?
How in the hell did you knock over EVERYTHING just from turning around?
Was the table made of balsa?
This was so long and anti-climactic.
was expecting accidental porn.
I totally remember reading this and dying of laughter.
Where is it when you need it?!
I really wanted this to escalate into an overflowing toilet story, with you elbows deep in your own matter, crying tears of suffering.
I need help.
Best for everyone if you don't lead him on.
Best way to minimise his pain/disappointment is to tell him ASAP.
lmao a literal (
that would of been the worst thing I could imagine.
loans, don't even go there.
I just cringe every time I hear those two words.
You might want to consider getting help.
"Would have" not "would of." This is quickly becoming one of the more ubiquitous typing errors.
SORRY I HATE MYSELF FOR BEING GRAMMAR POLICE
Sounds like you had a major brainfart.
Sounds shitty man..
Mother of God...
Yet another insightful comment by ireallyloveboobies.
EVERYONE IS FROM LOS ANGELES
Kinda happened to me.
I was going down a hill and slipped on the pedal, which caused my entire bike the flip.
I got a huge gash up my knees and elbows.
Well I'm sorry, it's just what happened :/
I never get this.
It's due to having too much hair and probably not wet wiping.
Treat your butt like changing a child's diaper.
This works every time for me!
luvboobies.
The commitment is far less serious.
Was it explicitly referred to as a date?
If not, and it becomes too date like or he gets the wrong impression, say that you didn't know this was a date, and instead thought it was just hanging out with friends and such.
Thank you for this.
There is a reason young people have high blood pressure these days and it isn't necessary.
Or an oven with a self turn off timer
Is she okay??
(you idiot?)
, I don't think you should back out of it.
You said yes so you should just go, but tell him you have a boyfriend first.
eat ice cream together all the time.
Just make sure your boyfriend is okay with it first.
Yup, that's awkward.
Helmet or no?
Also, pics or it didn't happen.
If you weren't female, you would've been in jail.
Jokes mean they're not angry.
This could have been SO much...
shittier.
This one time in school, I made a mistake and some teacher yelled at me and people laughed.
"I don't think this is sulphuric acid because it doesn't taste right" - kid in chemistry class to the teacher
Dude just ask her out.
If you don't have her number ask your friend for it.
If she left you two alone, she must know something's up.
She already give you her hand.
She just wants you to make the move now and is probably cut that you didn't.
You can redeem this.
No boyfriend would be okay with this.
( you go.
Meh, blame them for being cheap and not fixing the plumbing system
She has 666 link karma
go with this.
but mean the apology with as much of your heart as you can.
And this is why I'm terrified of downhills.
Came here expecting this comment, was not disappointed.
Go check a dictionary, careering is actually correct.
Well you never explicitly stated that.
You said you work in "IT." I took that as you working at the DMV.
It was vague.
You have no idea how I have treated my DMV employees, I've always been respectful and had my proper paperwork ready for them.
So no need to burn me at the stake man.
I know my analogie(earlier comment) is apples to oranges, but it still applies.
I know there are shitty people in the world, but it doesn't give people who work at the DMV the right to dismiss them.
Do you work at the DOT or something?
that just feels so...
wrong.
Read that as
I am having poop flung at me from all directions.
oh god i laughed too hard i accidentally pressed downvote the first time and almost reported you
we must see an update!
You were there for hours and no one did anything??
TIL to never live in New York
is this the same Amy that shit on her boyfriends pubes?
Yo bro, check this one out too.
similar
Poop joke related:
Is ( what you are talking about?
I laughed so hard...
You raise a valid point and one that makes me feel a lot better.
aren't that bad.
Get your butt back, unweight the bars, feather the brakes if need be.
You really deuced it up.
I read this TIFU as Today I Fucked A Bike.
This isn't 4chan.
I know it seems far-fetched and possibly an extreme examples, but what if this was in a commercial lab and you put a big chunk of sodium in water instead of oil.
You'd be dead.
is serious business and carelessness gets punished.
This year in a lab a fellow student didn't pay attention to our lecturer saying not to cover our reflux apparatus.
She didn't listen and did exactly that, cue a build up in pressure followed by an explosion showering several students in glass and very hot solvent.
no one was hurt, but the dumb bitch was banned from lab for the rest of the year which will bring her grade down severely.
Paying attention is paramount.
The lab is only as safe as you make it.
What happend when you guys were all in the house?
A talk?
What the fuck did he say?
We are down to one toilet for five people
Aww, first world problem.
5 people can quite comfortably share a toilet in the UK.
I did something similar when I was a kid, Except it was a mountain and she hit a patch of buried evergreens and went flying.
about it now it was kind of a stupid thing to do, but i just wanted to help ya know?
That's a great way to introduce yourself next time you go back.
You are going back, right?
Maybe one day.
I am moving to a new city soon, so I don't really see the reason to connect with people before I move.
So, you're blaming yourself for being sick, a perfectly normal part of life.
You in depression or something?
It's just awkward to use the restroom in the middle of the night when the only working one is in her parent's bedroom.
Being sick had nothing to do with the toilet clog.
It was just for background info.
Girl here.
If this happened to me, you would totally get the digits.
Over here the houses tend to have one communal bathroom, not en suites.
haha that is pretty hilarious as long as she is ok anyway
Thats what you get with shit plumbling
It's okay man.
The important thing is you tried your best in a crappy situation.
I'm assuming the communal bathroom was the one that he clogged...
My house has the most irritating lack of suction.
else - including public toilets, which are a nightmare to shit in because of the smell - can handle all manner of fecal matter and toilet paper combinations.
Not my house.
"Oh, you've had the tiniest shit possible and not used any paper?
Let me clog myself for you."
Um, the UK is a bunch of first world countries?
If they are cracking jokes then you're part of the herd now.
tl;dr sold bike, had to take it somewhere prior to giving away, lost key
As I was saying above...
a welding certification isn't a bachelor's degree.
So I am assuming that this guy is referring to the equivalent of an american community college.
I'm just pointing out that you are talking about a different college than OP is
So, uh, like, maybe leave the helmet on next time?
Toilet clogs happen too, don't beat yourself up over it.
It would have clogged sooner or later anyways if it was really as bad as you say.
You just got the bad luck of using it at the wrong time.
Not TIFU worthy IMO.
Damn man that sucks...I also read the title as "TIF at my girlfriend's parent's house" and was wondering why you were having poop jokes flung at you.
People may be confused because you're talking about the "key" to a "bike".
Are you talking about a motorcycle, or about a bicycle that is locked to something?
(With a motorcycle, in the US, a dealership will generally make you a new key for a reasonable fee if you come by with appropriate ownership documents.)
I'm glad that wasn't the case, then.
But it is the internet, so...
...anal...sand...tax?
Hey, I just read this..
And this is crazy.
But you ride a bike, so helmet maybe?
probably something to the extent of "it's spelled careening"
something along the lines of
"DUMBASS OP MEANT CAREENING, HURR DURR LULZ"
At least they are only flinging jokes.
sounds like she saw your hand down your pants got closer to look purposely looking for the dick to decide whether to completely friend zone you or not
The UK is a single first world country.
I'm sure CaptO was referring to houses being far more generous than their counterparts.
dat syntax.
I'd be willing to put this line in my next ( if you would like that.
Sounds exactly like an OF line.
Nearly the same thing happened to me with my girlfriend in high school, except we were on a ski trip in Utah and we only had one toilet...
they got it fixed before shit really got bad, but I was the uh, butt of quite a few toilet/shit jokes afterwards.
Hold strong, man.
If you haven't called her yet do it now and ask her if you can make her dinner/lunch/brunch/what the fuck ever.
DO IT NOWZZZ.
and update.
I sent her a text around 10ish last night and she still hasn't responded.
Lady be confusin'
I was thinking of the Union.
If it was continuous sexual harassment coupled with HR doing nothing about it THEN there are legal consequences.
But not right then and there.
you said she's being cold in texts!
now, correct me if i'm wrong but doesn't that mean YOU HAVE HER PHONE NUMBER?!?!?!
don't text her.
grow a pair and call her.
maybe say something like, "i think we have a great connection.
i really wanted to ask you out or something the other night, but i wimped out...
i'm correcting that now.
let's go out for dinner/coffee/bingo/whatever this friday/saturday/blah."
She has your number, you have her number.
How hard can it be to ask her out again?
Almost exactly.
You got the idea right, but the delivery was way off...
Haha, he called the shit poop.
Well it isn't so much an "again" thing since that was like a last get together for my college, so we were obviously both going to be there.
But i know what you mean.
I'm pretty good at talking and such in real life, very confident in that sense.
On the phone however, I turn into a blubbering mess (no matter who i'm talking with), so this is less than easy for me lol
the major fuck up was not getting photo evidence of your colossal toilet ruining poo in my opinion
Was she okay?
Did she have fun?
Well it's a bicycle, and most of them have in-built ( that go through the rear wheel and you unlock with a key.
I haven't seen a bike in a while, lol.
It apparently dissolves poo.
This is "today I fucked up" not "today I almost fucked up".
Were you riding a fixie?
Learn how to wipe correctly.
What happened to your bike?
Today you fucked up by spelling careening 'careering'.
She might be saying the same about you.
You may want to start off a text something to the effect of
"Hey, I just saw you.
And I fucked up crazy.
Wanna come over?
And touch my penis maybe?"
Well she replied and i texted her just now to see if it was the alcohol or not (since she couldnt really remember our chat).
We'll soon see eh
No, he (
[related video of a guy riding his bike into things](
today you fucked up by incorrectly correcting someone.
TIL don't mess with lineatus !
the true nitty gritty
You're like, 15, right?
down a professional ski slope?
Sounds like she's financially set from a very young age.
You should be proud of her!
Aww shit!
He's got links and he knows how to use em'!
When I was about the same age as your sister my Mom took me down a double black diamond.
Took that shit like a champ.
You're right but this story doesn't add up.
would be nice to see.
Plus what cyclist doesn't post pics after a nice wreck?
I hope the OP is doing well, the headaches sound like something serious, at least a concussion.
A hospital visit may be a good idea.
Call me on 555
Good, you deserve it for setting a bad example and being an all around idiot.
it turns out I had my wires crossed.
It made sense at the time but apparently I was wrong.
ventured nothing gained!
Looks like i'll have to get drunk and have some fun on monday
Doing what's right even when it is hard to do...
Some would say that's what it takes to be a man.
Doesn't matter now i'm afraid!
As I said in another post, we got our wires crossed and misinterpreted each other.
Wasn't meant to be this time
I've been there.
There was this girl I was with and we broke up before giving each other a chance, I was still interested in dating her but she said we should stay broken up.
So a couple months later we were at our friend's birthday party and she kept asking me to dance.
We did, but I was an asshole, reluctant and not paying attention to her.
If I played my cards right we probably could have gotten back together but meh, that was like a year and a half ago and I ain't even mad.
I despise redditors like you.
I would change your thread to say that you continue to fuck up.
It is not a one time deal with a woman who is interested in you.
For all of the forever alone people on reddit, I hope you come to your senses or someone slaps you upside the head.
You've got a woman who has expressed interest and you're sitting there letting it slip through your fingers like an idiot.
The only things I regret in life are those that I missed because I was afraid.
I don't know if you've ever heard of Your Life, a somewhat mediocre movie with a great message, but I recommend you find it and watch it.
Well I wouldn't say i've continued to fuck up.
I asked to see if she was interested, and she literally said that "I just meant you were always nice.
Sorry if that was misleading".
A friend assures me that with the setting and such, it was pretty obvious that she was interested.
We were drunk at the time so maybe she is feeling something, but if she isn't interested sober, what am i to do?
Woke up hours later?
, you're now the proud owner of one very damaged brain.
"I am also an Asian female...I will now get lost everywhere I go." my first real laugh of the day, thank you!
It's a single country but is also four countries.
I think almost sending his sister to her death is called fucking up.
My brother made me go down a ski slope after I practiced a bit.
, I'm more suited for beginner slopes rather than advanced ones..
I think I fell down like 10 times on the way down.
I took a very, very long lunch break after that..
any vid of this we could laugh at see?
That's a big hill.
J/k we all do stupid stuff when we're kids.
LPT: Get a bucket of water and fill the toilette to the brim.
keep doing that and it'll go with the pressure after a while.
Should work within a few hours, unless there is an underlying problem down the pipes somewhere.
Your tale is epic, I'm sorry about your iPhone.
you can get everything fixed
I'm Dutch, only silly people ride their bike with a helmet here.
Yeah, did he mean km/h?
Pun intended.
i like your username, welcome to negative 3
were you also on a bike?
My house only has 1 bathroom for 6 people.
It does suck, though, so I share OP's pain.
you didn't lose a finger, did you?
That happened to me.
There was no other memory loss, but I still have no idea why I ran into the parked car hard enough to crack it's tail light.
There were no witnesses, just me on the ground bleeding.
All I have to go by is the police report and scar on my face.
I don't know what would have happened if I didn't have a helmet on, but it would not have been good.
There are no good reasons not to wear one, even if they look silly and are uncool.
[waylay...
WAYLAY](
Tears were shed at my local repair store and they actually did it for free, the beautiful people.
The kindle is being replaced, apparently my father broke a switch during his repair and is just going to get a new one.
...But if you were a prude, you'd have been goood.
ahem shutep adel
'Tis a good start to a relationship.
splashing of foodstuffs.
I say stand tall, allow your member to become erect, and follow wherever it points.
Owll it's a good resume-builder
we are down to one toilet for five people
As a , I have only this to say: White people problems.
Learn something new every day.
In particular, apparently bicycles are like Dutch bicycles with even more accoutrements.
And is that an electric motor on there?
I'm glad my misery can bring someone such joy.
Thanks babe.
I also have a tattoo that says the same thing.
Wanna grab dinner sometime?
What is a cover?
I keep thinking some kind of lid but that doesn't seem right.
It's probably a large machine and a side or top panel comes off.
He probably had it perched at an angle on something or on the top.
It could also be something to the effect of a manhole cover.
[And for those who don't want the mobile version](
god among men etc etc
Fuck, this almost happened to me one time.
I realized in time to stop it.
How I haven't yet hit something on my bike is beyond me.
I have a habit of staring just in front of my wheel (it's very transfixing), and have no idea what's ahead of me.
Once I looked up to see a mom pushing her baby in a carriage coming towards me; I reacted with less than half a second to impact.
It seems like they made WAY too big of a fuss about it
This, I had recently moved and the house had alot of ants around it.
I would describe what ensued to be a one sided controlled conflict.
I probably committed an ant-history worthy genocide.
Those liquid ant baits are amazing.
The terro brand that is.
Yeah, I just remembered...
It's regarded as serious if you're out more than 5 mins...
If you're out more than a couple of seconds its fairly serious and you probably have a concussion.
had almost the same thing happen to me, except when this one collapsed, I broke my tailbone
This made ME laugh.
Ouch, I wasn't that high up so I didn't hit the ground too hard.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy.
There's beer in my shoe, so towels maybe?
haha, thank you for your kind advice.
to deliver an update: talking again with the 'rents, acted as if nothing happened and my mom assumed this is just part of her teenage son growing up.
Or go to .
That wasn't a statement to make anyone think I was rich.
I was just trying to give the details of my fucked up experience.
I got this laptop on discount because I'm in the honors program at my university.
So please leave the high and mighty shit at home.
I'm just telling my story.
That's the problem with Reddit these days.
always thinks they are better than one another.
Just because I really enjoy Apple products doesn't mean I'm rich or trying to make everyone think I'm rich.
While the situation is...
shitty right now, at least they're making jokes.
That means you're still in the clear and no one is mad at you.
I think its up to your girlfriend now.
You told her what happened, and now you will have to take it day-by-day, based on her behavior towards you.
At least they're only laughing at you, they must like you!
He did tell her?
Says that in the title.
You need should explain EVERYTHING that happened, and why you did what you did.
she will respond reasonably and understand where you're coming from.
That doesn't mean she will approve of it, but perhaps she will see why you did it, and your remorse for what happened.
Also, you could play the "I was drunk and made out with a girl, but my heart is always yours" card.
I've seen it work before.
Don't blame the alcohol but if it played a role, take a break from it.
Take full responsibility!
Let her express her anger as much as she needs to and make no excuses.
Send flowers...
Lots of them.
Oops, my bad.
OP is still a dumbass.
I don't really even remember it happening; I was told by a friend the next day.
I hate that card though, because being drunk shouldn't really be an excuse.
Indeed I am.
You're right, that's why I said it after my original advice.
julieannjohnsonabled has it right in her comment, check that out.
Damn shark week.
It sure does get you easily agitated and emotional.
When I watch it with my bros in the summer we all get jumpy and hostile with each other.
To be fair - it is a week-long programming of shark related shows, don't be too hard on yourself.
flowers = (
poops.
I would expect anyone your in a relationship with to react exactly as your boyfriend did.
We all fuck up.
It also helps that she got to hear it from you.
A lot of men wouldn't be honest in this situation.
Doesn't matter, he'd have fallen on a freewheel too.
No, but it shows he knows what he did was wrong and he's trying to fix it in any and every way he can.
Sorry but women can say that to each other with no consequences.
Hell, they can even kiss.
knows that all women are just 2 alcoholic drinks away from a girl-on-girl adventure.
So how did it taste?
I hate to admit this.
The same thing happened to me the other day.
It had only been about a month for me.
Edit: upvoted for the humiliation.
Felt like I at least owed her that.
's got their poison, especially when it comes to sex, you should never care what people think of you, or how you choose to live your life.
are good because they die.
You don't want her to have an everlasting reminder of that one time you fucked up and felt bad.
forgot a word
I have the weirdest boner now...
When its your ass on the line you'll make a big deal out of what seems like a small thing even though most likely nothing will go wrong.
If something does it will all go back to that.
Even if it wasn't because of that
LMFAO is she ok?
I have the weirdest lady boner.
that was odd...
and awful...
and unfortunate...
and you fucked up.
I hate the TSA as much anyone, but I can't remember a time when there was no security in an airport in the US.
That's essentially what happened here when the machine was off.
, it looks like the latter, but I don't fault them for suspecting the former.
7 months?
No wet dreams?
Nope, never in my life.
Son, if you can go another 7 months and get in touch with a porn producer, you may very well be able to make the best facial porn of all time.
Bed bath and beyond!
If i was him I would be turned on because you couldn't controll yourself...
you chose the best pseudo account name...
I can't believe that one was available haha!
No, it's sort of like a guard for the chain so it doesn't get stuck to anything, I guess?
The worst time was when my mom and I were both on shark week.
I feel bad for my dad.
My mom and I couldn't be in the same room for 5 minutes without getting into all out screaming and crying at each other
Dude, make this happen.
Dude, doing IT/sound stuff at school can suck ass sometimes, eh?
Band aids FUCK YEAH!
THE GOVERNMENT
What the ladies may not know, is something that makes this rogue load even worse.
It's stale.
So the consistency is particularly unpleasant.
The plural of is .
This is too epic.
I would seriously let you use my face just out of curiosity.
I don't know anyone that can not cum for seven months.
I'm not OP, but I appreciate your passion for science!
Lol I meant him, I just caught that I wrote you.
But hey, if you can hold it in for 7 months I'd let you do it to.
7 hours is close enough, right?
Came here to say this.
I will give you credit for talking to her again, but you could certainly have a better approach.
of asking if she's interested in you, just ask her out.
"Hey, there is this new restaurant I wanted to try out.
you should have gotten head from some random bitch and busted in her mouth
Save it a little longer.
Needs to be impressive.
Like some Peter North shit.
I'm sure she still loves you.
Just apologize and wish her a happy birthday.
I know a guy named Peter, and I live in North .
What a coincidence!
Be in the DC area in a week or two?
Not familiar with the porn actor/director?
If I've done the calculations correctly, if every celibate priest ejaculates simultaneously it will have the same implications global warming has on sea levels.
But with cum.
Very familiar.
Are you familiar with a terrible attempt at a night of shame and regret?
True enough, but we've known each other for almost 7 years now.
We talk every so often and sat next to each other in one of our 4 classes for a year, I think she'd have some idea if she liked me or not.
But i do agree, perhaps I could have handled it better, I think I just got impatient and wanted to know what she thought NOW.
We'll chalk this up to experience and next time the girl will be mine!
might just be for you...
Very.
I'm quite immune to it at this point.
like chicken
You went that long w/o rubbing one out!?!?
That is incredible.
Taco bell
yeah, I know, don't worry, I learned my lesson, taking off safety gear in motion is a good way to end up hurt.
salty, unless he keeps an unusual diet.
pees the bed at some point.
At least it wasn't your bedding.
This, to me, actually sounds kinda hot.
Your username is especially apt here.
I didn't do the calculations myself, but it sounds about right.
beats chunky gunk on your face.
He created it today, so it is safe the say it was made specifically for this thread.
I figured as much.
I'll be here...
So beautifully written.
Would it be awkward if I actually WAS going to be in DC in a week or two?
and then I show up and you'd be all like "oh, sorry, that was a joke"
How can you go 7 months without masturbating?
When I have my period and have to go a few days without, I am frantic when it's over.
Nice story but visit about 24 hours ago.
A little.
Creepy?
Yeah, I think I'm going with creepy.
Unless you showed up with a whole production crew and planned on paying me.
Then it would be a different story.
You can never be to sure.
"what's done is done, what's fun is fun." I'm using that one.
LMFAO you fucked up big time, and how in the world did you last seven whole months?
It's hard to shave your ass and awkard
What's the difference between a prostitute and a pornstar?
A camera.
Also, if you don't want to be graced with the honor of having my massive load upon your face, then it's perfectly fine.
Can someone work out the force and muzzle velocity required to make that kind of distance?
7 months?
What the fucking fuck?
She might have drowned.
Get her: A card and some ...
yes you said it, its a divot, not a cupholder.
Thats like calling a pointy stick a screwdriver.
Sure it might work sort of but FAIL.
No, it's (
it would have been sooo damn funny
Better call Noah.
is no laughing matter.
Pics or you love racism!
cumboarding is
What an idiot --
The hero deserves
This didn't happen.
No one goes 7 months without jerkin it for no reason.
cute story though.
Plus every boy knows not to fucking point their cock at their face when they are about to blast off.
Just put a small wooden set up for my 5 yr old, I will note not to swing...
no matter how fucking tempting..
one country, four nations, united, under god...
no, wait, ahh damn I did it again...
The only reason I bother fapping is to lower my rate of wet dreams.
I don't get "turned on" by masturbating and it feels like a task to me :/
Had safe sex,
still gave her Hep C
Liquid.
Gold.
You don't understand what I've been through.
I have no idea if I even have wet dreams.
I haven't gone more than 2 weeks without fapping since I was, like, 11, so I've never had a reservoir built up.
I did too.
I had my first one in after attempting .
It is an extremely weird feeling.
this: You're in this dream and it's extremely hot and next thing you know you wake up suddenly and blow your load everywhere.
It's not fun, quite startling actually.
That's exactly what it's like.
Its especially less pleasant if you sleep on your stomach like I do and it sorta spreads out and gets everywhere before you're completely awake and aware what's happening.
cheating is cheating.
might as well go all the way n be a man n finish your job
It will be hard, but try with all your might to not destroy that thing by trying to recapture your youth
Was it something like this?
Liquid fucking gold?
So wait you went 7 months without fapping?
Did you hook up with anyone in that time period?
7 months without fapping is ridiculous but if you have someone to do it for you then whatever.
If anything that's just insult to injury at this point.
brohug
This almost happened to me once when I was going to bust a fatty on this chick's tits.
As my muscles finally gave in and released/clenched tight, the first shot seemed destined for orbit, and I remember seeing it heading straight for my right eye.
It quickly lost altitude and crash landed on her lovely lady lumps just as I'd originally intended, and thus I was left with a sweet memory instead of a painful, shameful one.
I had a ...
somewhat similar incident...
tldr: , during my freshman year in high school, this fat fucking douchebag went through my phone...
and found some of my porn in the history.
After the parade, I decided to play with my phone, and some of my friends wanted to play games on it, cause you know i gots dem' angry birds and fruit ninjas on my phone.
he uses my phone and within like a minute he pulls up my history...
About a day or two before the parade I jerked it.
Big fucking deal.
does it, so who gives a fuck.
I was getting into 4chan...
some sick stuff...
but I started getting more into hentai.
I preferred both real and cartoon but of course I preferred real.
I ended up passing through a gif of a generic hentai girl getting fucked while on the search for a perfect fapping pic...
and he opened it up.
Of course he showed it to everyone.
I tried to play it off of a joke...
then i clear my shit and he sees some vague search relating to sanic and MLP and he screams "sonic porn".
It wasn't sonic porn, I don't fucking fap to cartoon animals, you fucking faggot.
Sheesh.
for the rest of the year they always gave me shit about that.
Huh, you wake up BEFORE it happens?
It's only happened to me a couple times but I've slept through it.
Could have been worse, could have been (
being beaned in the kisser with that.
but not the one it can use right now.
I don't quite believe that...
But lets pretend it did happen, fuck that guy.
Would he rather have a deer impaled in face?
This shit has happened to me 3 times when I have been extremely smashed.
But apparently I make sure not to get the clothes.
Take it easy, I'm not talking about YOU, I'm talking about hipsters.
3yo pains are non existent once they have something new to play with
unless 3yo pains come from dying pet
Wow, just that it exists amazes me.
this isn't just for japanese bikes, every single bicycle in east asia has this feature except for the cheapo ones
of the butterflies for science?
idk how but that shit spreads, It must've been a huge load cuz i woke up and some of it was on the middle of my abdomen
And if they don't they're an android.
And should be destroyed.
(I couldn't help myself)
saw it in 3d
More like
i laughed way way too hard at this
Who else can wield this power?
u may be forgetting about shark week tho
took me way too long to get this
This story oddly enough, turns me on.
I'll take this bullet.
He has more willpower than all of us.
My mom's birthday always occurs when I'm out of school for the summer and don't keep track of what day it is.
following the 3rd-declension paradigm of -ex words in Latin.
the "e" is lenited and the final "s" sound is eclipsed to allow for the suffix
depends on the angle, density, and distance traveled / length of shaft.
Now, imagine if your name was hannahandthewhitestuff.
very clever sir...
I'm a vegetarian and I heard that we have a more sweet taste.
loool
On behalf of , pics or GTFO.
and weetbix is totally disgusting
It could be a lot worse.
The fact that the father came in and tried to help you is a good sign.
Laugh it off.
One day it will be a sweet story.
I thought they make it red nowadays for consistency.
I did something similar, except for a shorter amount of time.
I decided to reward myself by doing it in my sister's fancy living room while she was away for a few hours.
The result?
It went everywhere, including the new couch I was sat on and the wall behind me.
I don't think my sister knows.
But the maid...
Only in Asia though.
still have gear oil in them, but typically not easily drained...
How long did you drive it with smoke pouring out and gears seizing?
Why do people even use lubricant to masturbate?
That would be a great novelty account.
EDIT: Just made it...
of you to offer your face as a target.
The line starts over there, guys!
Put together?
I was having a really rough time at work and forgot.
I called her and was doing the normal bullshitting on my drive home and she said "So you going to wish me Happy ?"
I said, "Sure, when the 8th rolls around and it actually is your birthday."
She said, "It is the 8th..."
I never felt so bad in my life.
, my mom is awesome and understood.
This thread totally made my day, FYI.
That's tragic.
I'm scared to click on any link in this thread because I'm at work and I'm not sure I can trust you guys...
I do.
pfff.
i do that all the time.
for some reason i build up pressure fast.
i'll often hit walls or ceilings.
and every once in a while, when I forget myself an do not dodge quickly enough...my face.
I call it joyfing.
( on your face)
YOU ARE THE FUCK UP OF THE WEEK, 6/24/12 !
I forgot it was my moms birthday on the 12th.
I said happy birthday on the 17th.
came
hehehe.
your safe, friend.
That one's just flipping out and is totally SFW.
For real.
crew or GTFO
I wouldn't really worry about it.
I mean, we are probably talking, what, $5.00 or less (sorry if not in U.S.A.)?
If it was clear that the employees knew what was going on anyways, either nothing will happen or it will be them held responsible.
That is, after all, kinda part of their job.
Nah, all said, keep it in mind for the future if it worries you, but it's not going to be an issue.
Dare I ask what " " is for opening wine?
I'm unmarried and use a corkscrew.
My jimmies have been rustled.
Yeah the one I've had I woke up and spewed my man juice uncontrollably
I once ran into a parked car when I was about 7.
I made a sharp turn around a small building which just so happened to have a car parked on the other side.
I hit the rear bumper, flew off the bike, onto the roof of the car, and then down the hood and onto the ground.
There were two young children inside screaming their little heads off.
My dad took away my helmet, shin, and elbow pads because of this, but I was still allowed to take my bike.
The irony.
Dug a screw in, pulled it out with pliers.
Takes notes
Ok, that is a hell of a lot better than some times I was picturing.
How feasible would it be if you angled the wine bottle away from you?
Then, if something like this set up to happen again, the pliers and exposed screw would not be aimed at your head.
Well duh.
But your body releases the semen automatically after 2-3 weeks without ejaculation.
I mean until then your load is still huge but I doubt that the human body can hold the semen of 7 months.
Still good work fucking up though!
Can I ask why you have to go a few days without masturbating during your period?
Yeah, how he got though 7 months without a nocturnal emission is...
suspicious?
You're probably right, it just freaked me out a little bit.
You're like Pam from Archer
Don't like blood.
Fine, my vast quantities of gratuitous spunk and I will just have our dozen bursts of sticky funtime into paper towels.
MY SOUL NOOO
If you can't remember doing it, you were way too drunk to begin with.
Take a look inside and see what influenced you to let yourself get to that level...
Been there, it's a shitty place.
Never heard of editing?
They shoot the money shot first thing, THEN do the blowjob.
ooh that sucks, man...
Hey man it could have been worse!
At least you didn't poop your pants.
I once drank a cup of coffee and found a drowned cockroach in the bottom.
I convinced myself "that's where the flavor's at" and never went back to Miami.
Wait...I still have to pay for it?
You're lucky she's not making you pay for any damage.
At my 12th birthday party we were doing extreme swinging on an extremely old tire swing.
I was on top of it, not in it when the rope snapped and went flying with me in tow.
Well, what we didn't know was that there were wasps inside, barely tolerating the swinging.
They didn't take too kindly to the flying and landing with a thud.
We had to get up and run inside really fast.
At least you didn't get the old lady wet.
How bad would that have been?
You could do it vicariously through me if you wanted.
If somehow I start bleeding in the middle of it, there's a problem --.
You could do it vicariously through me if you wanted.
If somehow I start bleeding in the middle of it, there's a problem --
Advice my father never gave me: If you ever make the mistake and do something that would upset someone if they found out - don't tell them just to ease your conscience.
Keep your damn mouth shut.
I did something very similar.
Got extremely smashed, fell asleep at my gf's house.
Slept walk to the corner of her room, pee'd my boxers, took off my boxers and left them on the floor and climbed back into bed naked.
Woke up to her saying to me "Wtf is this?".
I had no idea I even did it.
Ironic
You put helmet on, which is for your safety.
You were ok.
You began to take helmet off, you ran slam into a parked car.
You get hurt.
Hm, looks to me you should've just left the hemet on and this never would've happened.
And now your husband will be getting ALL the dirty looks/ass beatings.
PLEASE don't joke with anyone, it's not fun for guys.
It feels good
I don't have a husband or a boyfriend so I can't even joke if I wanted to.
Ah, I had a girlfriend who had a black eye once.
I got the DIRTIEST fucking looks :/
You really screwed the pooch on that one, friend.
We must verify the fuckability of this co-worker so we can forgive you or flame you.
Haha oh my god.
Your heel snapped off and you're worried about a bruise on your throat?
It was really hot water on top of that so our hands and feet were burning.
That would have sucked more balls than Hitler being a dick to the world.
Not really a pooch being screwed, quiet the opposite however here you go
that is what reddit seems to have done to your joke.
I found it kinda funny so you're going back to zero.
ha welcome to the world of blowjobs...
As another Asian female...it really isn't our fault.
We're born with two innate "strikes" against us.
Asian driver
Woman driver
As do I!
He's not the friendliest though.
TIFU: [I got an erection from this post.]( SWF
Why are you incessantly trying to get people to cum on your face?
So did I, she is fat.
Living up to your name I see.
Likely to his/her shoe
lol who cares?
you're not even married!
just go find another one.
you'd be through the ass invaded if you had a ring on my friend.
I think it's lame that people just assume the worst when a girl gets a bruise anywhere on her face.
GOD FORBID THE EYE or a cut lip.
It's like women are tiny fairies that should never be rowdy or have roughtumble sex or something.
When it's your own load, it's a totally different experience.
It's like if you met your doppelganger but with only your bad qualities and then had to make out with them and then you almost enjoy it.
Almost.
Then you can just play the SM/rough sex card.
Most people won't ask for details.
I like to avoid scuffing up my daddy hammer.
are pretty good compared to the rest of their crap.
Some chicks dig scars, some chicks dig being scarred, you know?
that's an interesting way to put it.
I'm guessing her...
most guys don't wear heels...
This sounds quite hot.
I always wondered what men did with their ...
ejaculations.
Then the shoe box happened ...
needless to say that I was disheartened.
But this sounds quite nice.
..what in the hell is popping a cherry?
accepted..
gonna try that
LMFAO I see what you did there!
A friend of mine fell down the stairs at my house once, so her boyfriend took her to the hospital.
, if you tell the people in the ER that your broken/bruised ribs are from from falling down the stairs, your boyfriend is gonna have a etc., etc.
You don't tell me how to live my life!
too much of 50 Shades of Grey I see...
Nope, but calloused hands.
Glad you are okay and can laugh about this!
Didn't see the ellipses.
I feel stupid now.
Lol thanks!
When it first happened I definately freaked out, but as the day went on and it became easier to swallow/talk I saw the hilarity of it.
Isn't roughttumble sex the only kind?
haha u R K'd that bitch!
I bet you feel pretty shitty.
"TIFU: I bought porn :3"
Just tell them you were roleplaying as Pam from Archer.
Glad you're okay.
Also glad the car is good too.
My cousin ran into a parked car while on her bike because the sun/glare blinded her temporarily.
She hit the car and removed some paint.
her brother went home and got my uncle (their dad) to settle things.
Turns out the owners wouldn't let him repair it at a garage and cover that price so he called the police to settle the matter.
The police sided with him since giving someone $5000 of unclaimed cash is crazy.
was fixed up for under $500 (covering the bumper and paint touch up).
After all that, the car owners said they "didn't want the police involved" and they "didn't want any trouble".
Yea, no trouble for them considering they'd be $5000 richer and probably not spend it on the car.
My cousin was fine by the way.
TL;DR - Cousin runs into parked car.
Car owners demand $5000 for minimal damages (not a quote from a professional).
Police were called, uncle fixes car for under $500.
Car owners get cheeky, but it doesn't matter since their car and my cousin are okay.
EDIT: and formatting
You did what you had to do.
You cannot be strung along by this asshole and work for no pay.
You had to take a stand, and you did.
Take others advice, pursue the shithead for your backpay, look for another job.
And your husband can shut his trap; you were working for no pay, for someone who was clearly skipping out on you and the business.
Not having a job and working for no pay equal the same thing; no pay.
Don't repair it then.
Edit: Just thought of an idea.
Swap cars.
Take your dad's damaged car and give him your car.
Ok I give like really bad hickeys and my ex was like really into that thing.
So one day after we had hooked up, she sent me a picture of her neck.
It looked like someone had asphyxiated her, literally she had black and blue bruises and marks all along her neck from her ear to the end of her collar bone.
amounts of explanation were needed for her friends and etc.
At least she was a dancer so she had really thick stage makeup to help cover it up but some of the assumptions people made about the marks were less than nice.
Why is the phone number only 9 digits?
ARE YOU GIVING OUT A FAKE NUMBER?!
It's a secret.
My friend's girlfriend bruises really easily and had a really bad looking black eye from getting hit with an errant cellphone.
I asked her and she confirmed that my friend constantly got dirty looks from pretty much everyone when they went out together.
The fact that he dresses somewhat redneck didn't help either.
An upvote for getting hammered and watching porn.
BTW, did you know that nobody but you pays for it any more?
Well what does she expect when each of her ass cheeks has its own zip code?
I had a somewhat similar experience 6 months ago.
I believe the stress is what physically got me sick as well.
Fight for that money, keep your chin up, be confident in your strengths, and you will find a much better job.
Don't give in to this difficult time.
Try having one with a "sense of humour" who'll play up to it until someone ties to start a fight!
is your friend
sheepfuck
So you're telling me you bought porn?
All is NOT well, your parents were probably pissed they had such a retarded fucking kid.
Who buys porn on credit Jesus fucking Christ
Shut up, virgin.
What exactly do you use domain services for?
I've just been running my old box on ubuntu and it handles my smb shares, torrents, DLNA and the occassional MC server quite fine, for a single core.
Well fair point.
But the sofa is starting to hurt my back.
should make your dad eat unhealthy food daily so he can die of a heart attack or something
It's only Monday and I think we've got a pretty solid contender for the week.
Are congratulations in order?
Is a bruised windpipe possibly earning you an internet award for fucking up something you should congratulate someone for?
The blades?
Sounds like it could have been worse...
though, why wasn't there a catch on a 60 lb cover to keep it up while you're working on it.
It sounds like something was out of compliance for that to happen.
still using pornhub
lolno.
Don't downvote this, the amount of effort it took for this joke is worth an upvote.
BooYah!
What do you use?
I was okay with this story, and then a few seconds later it dawned on me...
"I just got out of the shower"???
How does this happen AFTER a shower?
I laughed way too much.
No shit, hahaha...he made the account 4 hours before the joke XD
tblop.com or beeg.com
thank me later
Don't listen to that fool, xnxx.com is what you want.
SO MANY TAGS!
SO MUCH VARIETY!
mobile friendly!
Rent : Well everything seems to be in order.
There is just one thing...
You: Whats that?
Rent : You're home is saturated with swag!
One free month of rent for you.
It took me forever to realize "etc., etc." meant "bad time." Couldn't you have just written bad time?
Don't you know I just got off a 12 hour graveyard shift?
grumble, grumble
is this when he starts humping his leg?
much...
swag...
.png
as long as its not the ( you are safe !
You should throw a pool party.
I see all the porn words on the internet are finally taken and we're on to using random strings of letters.
With our willpowers combined, he is...
It's probably less embarrassing to just tell everyone you're into auto-erotic asphyxiation.
did she look fuckable?
at least you did it to avoid a bad reaction
Rent inspector?
The last time I saw one of those I was in the UK 30 years ago.
They're still around?
that link just looks fucked up in general.
how did you miss that?
Still very real here in .
Just troll /r/ on 4chan, wait for someone to dump bang bros or brazzers account details, lol
What do they do?
A quick google just turned up with job postings.
come and inspect the property to make sure it's in full order, so no damage to the premises, or anything that could be against our lease.
Sounds a little stressful.
Do they work on behalf of the landlord, or are they a supposedly neutral party?
The real estate agent has their own inspector, normally it's the property manager him/herself.
It's midnight and I'm still cleaning.
We live in a 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom single story house with a huge backyard.
Most of my time has been outdoors cleaning up the yard.
if you try to read jokes after working for 12 hours etc etc
Maybe your just in to auto-erotic asphyxiation
Edit: to add, is what many people will probably think now
That's always good man.
when something like that happens like that.
you always kind of need a break.
Oh my God, that is so intense.
I mean, I didn't masturbate on Sunday night (well I tried but I was too tired and I wasn't really enjoying it) so I had to a lot last night.
willpower.
As the recipient of boobies from an ex, i can confirm this is true.
Ur kidneys are gonna hurt
Lack of gag reflex you say ?
did you drag the bag all over the apartment?
clean the spot up and open some windows.
I think he's saying why buy porn when there is infinite amounts of free porn on the .
I think a pool party with only 2 inches of water would have been boring.
60% of the time it...
Ah fuck it.
Dat blue backround.
I have never seen this many upvotes with absolutely no downvotes.
That tells you something about how the porn industry's doing.
Edit: And of course I jinxed it.
Sorry saseum :(
Wooden dick joke goes here --
You probably choked her.
After all, you're male
I'm glad that invasive process is illegal here in Canada.
A kindle keeps it's bookmarks in all the books you have read.
I read a few books at a time sometimes and it maintains which pages I am on in each.
someone taking all the bookmarks from your reading pile, that kind of frustration.
I use Active .
Just trying to learn some features of it now, as I plan to get into the system/networking administrator career.
Also, my MC server had to go dedicated.
It's running on an AMD 64 x2 5600+ with 7GB of RAM.
The reason for the 7GB is that 2.5GB of RAM is allocated for a ramdisk.
3.5GB is used for the server itself.
1GB for the OS.
"The big list of porn" is not really a randomly chosen name for a porn site indexer.
Yes, but don't turn it on until you are absolutely certain it is dry...
and easier on eyes due to screen being different also 200-300 dollars less...
also it's lighter weight and easier to carry around, and the battery will last longer, sometimes up to a month...
So generally, it's for people who think reading is enough...
I find it comforting, somewhat homely.
No other sites feel the same.
God donut, you beat me to it.
Not to be rude, but why would you ever think that chewing on the stick would be a good idea?
lobstertube.com
It's something you have to learn the hard way.
That's where I fucked up
Summed up nicely:
Chew up the wooden stick?
5 year olds can get on reddit?
Looks like it hurt..
Take a few pain relievers and have a nap, it'll stop burning later
For a second I thought you said "got a sniper in my throat", good thing you're alive, thank god.
Wait, was it hot from the friction or from the sun?
do u still have your job?
While everyone else is beating you up for paying for porn, I'm going to go ahead and thank you.
Some sap out there has to pay for it, and it's certainly not me.
Thanks for supporting the industry.
friction...
lol I can't walk properly
Loved that!
Please tell them a kind "You are assholes, go fuck yourself" from me.
You couldn't have done better in that situation.
Fuck 'em!
But you didn't really fuck up.
Also horses are dope.
I'll let them know the next time we all run into each other at the barn!
I'm not much for confrontation, but today really hit a nerve...
My dog got a pretzel stick caught in her mouth last night, she couldn't close her word-hole and was flipping out for a few seconds.
That's what my grandma told me now that I am back at the house; also made the discovery my best friend is off work and can go riding later.
:) So today is getting better!
Leave it to beavers.
Me usually not either, but sometimes it's deserved.
I agree, fuck em.
They don't see how well they are taken care of so they can't judge.
If people want to see the conditions, all they will see is good.
Or slapped her around and told her to make me a sandwich or something.
I saw that on lifetime once.
Why did you ride with out shoes?
Safety first?...
just asking.
As a person who used to own horses, I know that they're a pain to care for.
You should take a horse into one of their rooms and let it shit on their bed.
I work in IT all day.
Any day that can be spent with horses is a great day!
Have fun and be safe!
Haha -I- wouldn't mind that but trading a Volvo S40 for a 2005 Dodge , regardless of the state of the door isn't a good trade.
But yeah, if it were as simple as just leaving it, we wouldn't repair it, but the driver's side door does not open at all and that kinda really sucks.
did this as a kid, hurt like hell
Once accidentally swallowed a tiny fishbone while eating salmon.
I may not have noticed but it got caught in my throat.
sensation, had no idea what had happened...
and even after I spotted it with a mirror and light, and somehow finally dislodged it (coughing, gargling salt water) it still felt like it was there.
That sensation lasted at least a day.
worse things in life but I can sympathize.
TL;DR be very careful when eating fish, especially salmon.
so what're you doing later?
I know your pain, bro.
in ; I was one gullible motherfucker.
Maybe it"s just a big list or somerhong.
When I was a kid I was always destroying the soles of my shoes using the brake on my scooter
My ex did the same thing to me as well.
position, same result.
We had been together for about two years so we had been having sex quite frequently, and then boom.
She covered my eyes and I could smell what had happened.
I laughed once I found out and the smell diminished.
I never told anyone.
I know that feel, it feels good on the teeth.
If you haven't written any data onto it, you have a good chance with data recovery software.
Unless it was a proper, full format.
It's worth a try in any case.
Ooh, I hope you get to spend some time with horses, soon!
:) And I will!
They are, but they are worth it.
LOL I couldn't get a horse in there, anyway.
My mother hoards her trash, so I won't walk in her house in the first place.
Im not sure if ive written any on it, but I do know that when I formatted it it was a low level format.
.jpeg
a couple of reputable free data recovery programs and give it a go.
It doesn't cost you anything to try!
pinocchio's girlfriend feels your pain.
I used to do that to myself all the time...
It's either burn your feet or melt your shoes, there's no winning!
Good way to learn those tools too.
They aren't as intimidating as they look.
A 6 cm long splinter stuck in your tonsil?
I suspect you exaggerate.
6 cm = 2.36 inches.
You're right.
It was closer to 3 cm.
LOL same here.
I was reading through and saw her comments about taking his big load.
me of a facialforum posting.
taking off safety gear is a good way to end up hurt.
I had to create a throwaway just to correct you - I didn't just get a kick out of your stupidity, I laughed until I cried and almost until I peed my pants
im always careful with fish filets now because of this.
those damn tiny invisible bones that are never removed.
I have to usually mash the fish up to small pieces to ensure each fork full is clear
Did this once...the worst part was if I got off the brakes I would fall forward down the hill :/
That's disgusting.
Where did the metal shard come from?
Did he go back and tell them?
A-what?
(At work, want to know, don't want to Google.
Facial Forum is a online message board that has to do with spooge on girls faces.
The problem stems from the opposite.
I have really big feet, and they get in my way (
You rang?
There's a difference?
dogs dont say words.
its called a bark-hole.
i tell my dog to shut her god dang bark-hole all the time.
IMPOSTER!
Smells like big foots dick.
Sounds legit
Oh man, I shrieked out loud and had to explain to my co-worker.
I'm definitely looking this up later.
I read as those damn tiny invisible boners.
There was a 3 years old redditor once.
We're bonding.
Ah, i had forgotten about Active .
I've been trying to figure out how to use samba as a DC for shits and giggles.
So far i've gotten nowhere (in terms of actually getting it working).
I'd like to try out Server but i have no disc for it.
May torrent it for learning but still weary about that.
he
CUM BONDAGE!!!
Just try to practice walking more.
One day you won't need to suffer the pain of falling down.
That day is closer than you think, if you start today!
I hate to say that I do it all the goddamn time...
Though I don't go so far as to shove it down my throat...
shut upp
go and get "recuva" or contact me via PN.
i'll help you via Team Viewer if you want to
Axe is for douchebags
so youre telling me you didnt fuck dem ?
nerd.
I once got a tiny plastic piece from a drink lid stuck in one of my tonsils.
It got infected and I ended up in the ER with a resident sticking forceps down my throat lol.
At least you got treated by a resident haha.
in throat
Eating a popsicle
on a popsicle stick
a splinter in your throat
Lack of gag reflex
This is the perfect storm of blowjob jokes.
( thats why.
How do you know I'm a girl?
Hmmm?
i'll try to make it happen
Ooooh I cringed sooo hard.
What's tifu mean?
Hit random
You should walk in there and be like WTF?
YOU NEGLECT the horses period!
you do nothing for them unless you absolutely have to!
Nico.
You could always transport the horse shit to their bed.
It would take much less effort.
He didn't
he seriously does not have a small dick.
Why do I feel like this was posted to apologize?
If he thinks it, it must be true.
Come on what are you five?
That wasn't necessary.
LOL nope.
He has never been on Reddit
Your username!
I know you...
EITHER IS FINE
On the plus side there will be laughs at your wedding reception.
Crush, kill, destroy, SWAG.
It started as grazing...
THATS WHY YOU SHAVE YO ASS
(/rtroll) UmadG?
I fucked up some fresh poured concrete once with my bike.
It was dark and the area wasn't blocked off or well marked and I rode right through it.
Then on the way back I forgot it was there and did it again :(
pics of dick.
And here I thought that every guy has measured their dick and googled "average penis size" at some point...
All the answers below are spot on.
it doesn't matter
yeah dude boo fuckin hoo
He probably cares more about what she thinks than the average...
Even if he's mistaken on what she actually thinks...
what she order?
Aye, friction be a harsh mistress
, it's not just 's nose that grows...
you can't miss the bear
i just imagined a fish covered in little dicks...
what flavor pie?
So was the fuck up that you were defacing public property, or that you got caught doing it?
Mostly that I got caught even though I didn't know it was illegal since I see names written everywhere on cement.
dics or it didn't happen?
I expected something terrible, that was actually pretty funny.
I need to stay off of
I agree, fuck em.
Incest on a horse farm?
I'm sure I've seen porn with this exact storyline.
He is an idiot.
Tell him to get over him self.
Its not the size of the wave, its the motion of the ocean.
on the stick isn't bad but wood scraping across your teeth is like a nails-on-a-chalkboard feeling for me.
How do so many people on Reddit have so many close encounters with shitting their pants lately?
Lots of dudes with perfectly reasonable dicks think they have small ones.
It's like women and their weight.
Hey, now he's a full-fledged member of the internet.
to all of us, man...
I would guess that it's detailed in the lease when you sign up to rent a place, so you should know what you're getting into when you move in :/
Not saying I agree with it, but it seems like it would at least give incentive to keep shit nice in a place you don't own outright.
Poor diets maybe?
I don't know, maybe a lot of people do shit or almost shit their pants, but obviously wouldn't admit it in real life.
There are tons of TIFU's involving poop and pooping oneself.
I enjoy them all.
This was kinda funny.
has to poop eventually.
So you could assume at least 6 billion shits every 48 hours.
At least.
has to fuck it up
Edit: 7 billions people pooping.
Lotta shit
sorry to hear you got canned.
The only way you could have fucked up more, is if your roommates came back when your "gravy" was sprawled across your face.
That's pure nightmare fuel, right there.
over.
You all can go home now.
You didn't fuck up that guys just a dick
Didn't you hear me?
INTERNET.
OVER. Go home.
7 billion, get with the times.
Why not show him this post?
I'm already home...
Boy.
Go fetch me a switch.
You can't poop in a friend's house?
Who the fuck is going to care if you do a noisy poo?
This is what happens when you let embarrassment get the better of you.
It's your fault for being in North fucking .
Their state motto should be:
"well, at least we're not SOUTH "
(lived in NC...the south crushes my soul)
You got off easy.
Be thankful you didn't go to jail or get a ticket.
A couple years ago I was going through the drive-thru of a 24/7 mexican restaurant at about 4 in the morning.
I placed my order and realized I desperately had to piss -- yet the dining room wasn't open.
I pull up a little, put my car in neutral, get out and take a piss in the crevice of the facade of the restaurant, about 10 feet beyond the protruding speakerphone I ordered from.
When I turn around and start zipping up, I see a cop right in front of me.
A cop decided he wanted a 4 am burrito too.
I say, "FUCK!
Sorry man..."
"C'mon please?
I really had to go, I really can't afford a ticket."
BAM!
That was fucking shitty.
I might be retarded, but I pictured him with a little black flying bat, not a baseball bat.
Like he just walks in with his pet bat and he's like, "Who the fuck are you!?
Get him, Vampy!"
I'd be buying a new toothbrush.
At an average of 2 logs per shit in 48 hours, that's 14 billion logs in the world every 2 days and 2.6 trillion logs per year.
The average weight of one log is .7 lbs, so you're at 910 million tons of shit in a year by humans alone.
.7 what?
yo units son.
you should have knocked like a normal person
Sounds like a lot of need more fiber in their diet.
Bad luck, mate!
Have an internet hug!
Why do you think anyone wants to see your name in the concrete?
Nobody wants to see that.
Grow up.
This doesn't sound like a reason he can legally fire you.
That's true.
that rent here have a huge problem with places getting pretty trashed by tenants...
I forget not everybody takes care of their home simply because they live in it.
: just read your comment about Low Level Format
I'm enjoying the relevant OP user name.
pulling over is a misdemeanor in North
I think that dude was fucking with you...
I doubt that this is a misdemeanor anywhere.
exposure, though, yeah, you probably committed that.
i think that a highway shit in the bushes is a little more polite than pissing on a building in plain view...
just sayin, you could piss in a cup without leaving your car.
I have never had group messaging replies come back as "reply all".
This an android thing?
If somebody has to come by and replace that section of concrete, that's employment for somebody in this shitty economy.
The funding comes from taxes, so broken window fallacy doesn't work here.
OP, you're the hero that Gotham deserves.
I don't think this is by any means a recent phenomenon, just folks are admitting to it now.
I have a droid bionic and I get "Reply all" all the times.
removed for violating rule 1.
You have to realize that this is clearly something that he has an insecurity about, and it's not something you could have created just from one kiss.
It's been there probably his whole life.
Don't feel like a shithead
My first sunburn was at 4.
The sun is a bitch.
the drop bears get to be before cancer...
I fucking hate that..
Takes a long time to get to get to in a row boat though...
from .
ALL the sticks!
I do it everytime..
Go to a junkyard and find a new (well, used) door.
Even if it's a different color, it can be installed by you and even painted by someone else for less than $1300.
DIY saves.
Oh this is hilarious.
The title alone killed me
awkward redditor...
Afraid to shit at his friend's house, shits his pants in public in front of strangers instead.
dude, pizza rolls are awesome, don't care how old you are.
Who only shits once a day?
I didn't say I liked it.
PFFFT.
just turned 13 and feels like a big boy.
Was it a or a city/county cop?
So many questions.
If you were in the bathroom, why did you have raw meat and eggs in the garbage can?
If you were in the kitchen, why were you brushing your teeth in the kitchen?
Why was there raw meat and eggs in the garbage?
Why don't you own a mop or a towel?
It's concrete, ctfd.
do I think I've committed a felony
Must..resist..urge to tell cop to study law before trying to enforce it...
Dude, I'm going on 30 and I still eat pizza rolls, I think they go better with a nice handcrafted stout personally.
I know how to make them myself now too.
(the pizzarolls and the stout)
I just laughed the baby awake.
What a terrible cop.
protect and SERVE.
Wash it in the sink with handsoap, man.
Or wash while you shower.
username is relevant.
Not me, of course.
I went biking yesterday and starting daydreaming, came to a few minutes later.
happened (long country road) but I freaked out.
Fuck Game of .
Last week I got sunburn all over my stomach and legs from walking on a beach for 6 hours in a bikini.
I was in bed for two days with a fever.
At least I put sunscreen on my face and upper body.
here this is considered a sexual crime...
You can be put on the sex offenders registry for it.
Some people prefer to multitask.
Really, do you enjoy standing there, focusing on the fact that you're staring in a mirror, watching yourself brush your teeth?
You've got shit to do, get out of the bathroom and do something.
I usually just think when I brush my teeth.
So the latch doesn't come loose or anything?
Or it opens, but you get like half an inch of usable space before it makes contact on something?
I read this thread title while brushing my teeth, gagged, and now there is toothpaste on my keyboard.
after my fury i wish i did
That's exactly what I thought, was wondering why he would have this bat following him around.
Bad pizza roll epidemic?
She's kind of a new friend, and I'm kind of an incredibly socially awkward weirdo.
I'm in the area, which is mildly better than other parts of NC.
Well, it could be worse anyway.
There was a moment right before he told me to go home that I could see him thinking about whether to let me go or arrest me.
He was quiet for a good ten seconds, just looking at me, before he finally told me to go.
He was just a local cop.
The cops in our area are bored because of the low crime rate, and it makes them extra dickish.
Yeah, I assumed he was just being an asshole (ha ha), but I wouldn't have been surprised if he had done something about it anyway.
Cops in our area are rather terrible.
Hey man, don't diss the rolls.
too funny of a read on how you described your bowl movement.
High praise indeed.
however being myself as OP I prefer to shit my pants in front of strangers, because they are strangers and they won't give a shit (no pun intended).
So I get why OP did this.
bro hug OP.
I'm from NC too.
What area are you in?
I always thought I was immune to sunburns.
( I'm never going outside again.
I pooped myself at work.
Felt the flood gates opening.
Our office has 2 bathrooms on each floor, one has 2 stalls the other has one.
Had to go to 3 floors to find an open bathroom.
I avoided the poop, then as I finally got down, I looked at my underwear and saw poop stains.
I removed my underwear, but had to wait until nobody was in the bathroom.
Wouldn't want someone to check the stall for someone only to see my removing my underwear.
I threw them in the trash, my dick was chafed for a week.
Good thing my wife was on her period so I wasn't getting laid anyway.
About 30 minutes outside of .
We're only here temporarily, though.
Pizza rolls and wine?
She's just asking to have her porcelain blasted.
In fact, if she's serving that combo to friends, she's done it by herself before.
She's probably had the exact same torrential shit you took in the bushes, but in the comfort of that very same bathroom that you rejected.
An average log is 0.7 Katie ?
I knew she was full of shit but damn.
I just hope the horse is okay.
Send the fruit vendor a get well card, and next time don't try to shove so many bananas in there!
Bowl movements can be quite entertaining.
I especially like when you sit one down but it doesn't sit flat right away, instead kind of wobbles around for a second or two.
Well balanced bowls are the best bowls.
nothing worse than the sound of sudden crunching...
at least it was not some sort of fragile electronics with all your files on it...
Rent are pretty standard in .
I thought it'd be the same everywhere else.
The house is always consistently clean, we're not pigs.
Mad love for .
High-five from Durham.
10,000 is significantly more than necessary as a sample size.
Put aloe vera on it?
That's quite a splotchy pattern.
You poor...poor soul.
I once flooded my friends bathroom with my own shitnami.
I had to clean the shit up, mop the floor using towels and unclog the can.
Worst day.
Hope this clears things up.
I was in the kitchen brushing my teeth because I thought there were paper towels to spit and wipe into.
There weren't any paper towels or rags or anything, all dirty and used up from the dinner party earlier in the day.
I pulled out the garbage can to spit into.
The can tipped over, pouring the leftover raw meat and eggs from the party onto the floor.
Since I couldn't find the mop, I went to the neighbors condo to see if he had something of use.
The door was unlocked, thought maybe I'd leave a note or something if the cleaning stuff was right next to the door, and you know the rest.
, I should have knocked.
That's where I fucked up.
Naw dude, don't resist.
Tell that fucking cop he doesn't know shit.
Edited.
.7 lbs.
Heavy suckers.
We need more people like you in this world.
I've been doing so.
Those splotches are just the result of my skin peeling.
Make sure there's noone home next time.
Even though I am unemployed and broke, the fact that I live with my SO in our own apartment makes me feel infinitely superior at the moment.
My life will always be better than that of a raging-hormonal teenager's.
Lesson learned already.
Never argue with cop.
Argue with judge.
It was a total fail on my part.
Not less then 10 minutes passed and I had forgot that I had put the shirt in.
That's nothing, I went 12 whole years of my life.
it was the first 12 years but my point still stands.
u sick bastard...except you're a girl so, all good!
I imagined you literally shitting out an anaconda.
But your situation sucks too.
Use a coathanger.
Really, it works.
Get a bucket of raging hot water, flush, and dump the hot water down the toilet.
Also, try a cleaner/unclogger liquid.
Worse case, buy a decent plunger and get to work.
A plumber is going to charge you $200 to do these same things.
No, I was the DD, so I had only one glass, and it was about 2 hours before I drove.
You should make him feel even better and tell him about all of the other dicks you have had and how he is not small.
Try 15 years.
Having a vagina is a bit more difficult.
Not as easy to know what to do.
Nah man it's you who take yourself and your opinions way too seriously.
You can't treat things in black and white like that.
We bought the bottle, but it was mostly the other two that drank it.
I'm not a big fan of drinking and driving,
I think regardless of genitalia, the first few times you just rub it randomly.
for 7 months and change?
Only -87?
You're really not good at this, are you?
I upvoted you, just to be that guy.
Never said you were a girl.
You have a relationship already.
Who cares if a girl thinks your crap smells now.
Squirt some soap in and let it sit.
What a shitty situation.
Which is stupid, considering urination is a natural body function that everyone does and is not in any way sexual.
If I was put on a sex offender registry for talking a piss I'd probably just go full on Walter White.
If you want to brand me as a criminal for life I will show you what a great criminal I could be.
Don't fret, I won't poop at my in-law's.
There's something about foreign toilets I don't like.
I can poop at home, and at my work, that's about it.
I have had to brave a foreign toilet on occasion, but if I can help it, so help me god I will help it.
I thought the title was literal.
Yeesh.
i once fractured my heel ice skating.
couldnt walk on it for three months, full cast, and i was at school in northern indiana, break happened in october.
like being able to walk.
more power to ya, if you need anything, give me a shout.
Reddit has made me have to accept that there is some possibility of most things happening, especially if they are disturbing.
I misunderstood the title as someone operating on you because there was an anaconda in your colon...
your story reminded me of something that happened a few years ago.
out of the blue, a black sheep of the family (as my brother calls him) visited my mom's house with his friend.
I guess they only came by because the friend needed a bathroom.
immediately.
eventually the friend was done with his bowel movement and flushed, but the toilet refused to swallow and regifted him with his crap, toilet tissues, and water.
all over the floor.
my mom had a fit and made the friend clean up his shit--I don't even know why they tried to leave without fessing up to the crime.
I think she shamed him into doing it because he wouldn't do so otherwise.
also, why didn't he just use the garbage for the used toilet paper???
why didn't he just man up and tell the truth?
after they left, our mom made my brother clean everything once more for good measure.
anyway, at least now you know to chop and flush every so often.
hope your toilet dilemma gets better soon.
from allturdmind sent 9 minutes ago
FAG
permalink report source block user mark unread reply full comments
Look, guys!
He's sending me hatemail!
I'll assume he actually meant that because now he's at -84.
Upvote the wittle twoll back to 4chan!
Dude, go to Home Depot.
Get a toilet snake.
You will thank me.
I've long since accepted this, reddit has just made me get sad whenever there's no pictures of these events.
That sucks she shows up unannounced...
you should really talk about that.
If you guys are paying rent then she should respect that and at least let you know she's coming over.
Does she not think you two have sex in your own house?
do God's work.
Their services are worth every penny.
OH MAN I DO THAT ALL THE TIME.
brb, gonna make more accounts so i can upvote this some more.
Good on you!
Haha oh deer.
My mom used to make me do that...
I would bring back a twig
So is that where boogers come from...
I'm not at work and i'm still scared to click on the link...
Best thing you can do in that situation is just own it.
"Hey, Mom!
Didn't hear you come in." then go get your water and continue on, still naked, like it's no big thing.
I guarantee she'll knock next time.
I once found out the hard way not to use a razor down there but i found the solution and haven't had that problem since.
Two words...
beard trimmer.
(But for the sake of all thats holy, buy one for that dedicated purpose only, as well as one for your beard.
You don't wanna mix the the two or you're gonna have a bad time)
That sucks man, well just be glad that you didn't put blinker fluid in your combobulator.
Now I'm ready for it to never happen again!
I read that as "Now I'm ready for it to happen again!".
You should invest in a bump key and keep it in your wallet.
I'm batman!
Now time to go make a flying car!
I just saw wet cement and wanted to write my name in it.
released an anaconda from my colon
get a toilet snake
That made me laugh more than it should have.
I have done this with a german car switchblade key, my wallet with my license in it, and my wedding ring...
all on seperate occasions.
This all happened because i live near a dumpster and i have to throw it over the fence to get it into a dumpster.
I wish cops were required to act like decent human beings.
You bastards need more fiber in your diets.
I suspect someone in this thread is secretly a plumber...
but who?
Yeah, this is bullshit.
The fact that they put you in the middle of everything as well as not paying you just shows they have no respect for you.
You need to try to take action, probably in small claims court.
me of this -
also works for abortions.
can -only- be serious about anything anal.
no one
nooone
I'm sorry but the word 'shitnami' made me crack up.
Sorry about the situation, though.
If it's an 18+ night at a club, I kind of just assume I won't see a lot of people over 25, but maybe that's just me/where I live.
It took almost a year to get it down and have an orgasm, seriously.
I was scared that I would break something or whatever.
I guess the reason you're being downvoted is because he expressly said he and she wasn't drunk.
Not sure he can make the claim that she wasn't drunk, I mean she might have had a low tolerance or something.
this story does kind of sound like that lady was drunk.
If by plumber you mean part of a secret government organization that protects the general public from any alien threat, then I need you to come quietly with me.
No fuss, now.
Get in the car please.
What if I don't want to?
I hope this is sarcasm.
don't tell your boyfriend about all the other dicks you've seen in any capacity.
Also, the presence of people who actually want to see people do these things has opened my eyes.
Stick your hand down there and break it up, it might seem disgusting, but it'd save the embarrassment, either that or get a coat hanger and bend that into shape.
So much fucking swag.
WHY THE FUCK DID I CLICK ON THAT
And yet you're still here to tell us about it.
but logic is not logical!
Ahh yes, the ole ball stoppage problem.
I too have encountered this where elastic restricts the pee-pee from coming out of the wee-wee.
sarcasm
Cause you haven't fallen for it until now?
Try laxitives, tell me how it goes.
We'll go from there, I'll help you through this.
you've been a redditor for 3 months and never seen spacedicks?
Why do I get the feeling it's a novelty account you just replied to?
As someone else who takes big shits (I only go like once every week or two), buy an industrial size plunger.
They can handle anything in only a couple plunges.
Also, your writing is quite elegant for a teenager.
you married your girlfriend that you dated when you were 16?
Thanks a lot man, but fortunately I was able to get it out after a while.
threesome?
Read the damn title.
Draw penis; run away.
This is between you, and the internet.
No one else.
It's our little secret.
Did this at my grandmas house...
She suggested next time, I take a fucking butter knife and slice it up first.
WHAT THE FUCK, IM NOT CLEANING THAT SHIT OFF!
I use the fucking plunger to break up a big one if I need to, not a fucking knife.
I'm not gonna EAT it, for fucks sake.
Not everybody needs to keep searching until their late 20s.
rare, though.
I think you mean to say:
I think you mean to say "She probably heard us fuck too!
Upvote his entire comment history!
I got him down to -53 :)
My friend showed me before I even had an idea of what reddit was.
Didn't even have a chance to mentally prepare.
Right, I meant it as more of a congratulatory thing, though now that I think about it I wonder if he's tired of that sort of thing..
I started dating my current girlfriend (of 4.5 years) when I was almost 17, so I always like to see that it's working for other people.
If you are implying I am then I assure you that I am not.
I am a nurse and as such have a great deal of respect for other people in professions where they are literally dealing with stranger's shit.
"Feel that, Randy?
The Shit Winds are blowing.
Haul in the jib and bring the Shit Liners to port before the ships sink under the coming !"
A tech-support fan girl groupie.
I've heard of your type ;)
Also, I'm a guy who went to school for CS before switching to nursing :-)
Yeah, it's always nice to see a relationship actually working amongst all my friends having horrible breakups.
Thanks for the compliment.
I do write stories/whatever on occasion, so I get a chance to flex my literary muscle in preparation for events like this.
We have a toilet snake.
It's unclogged as of 7pm (hadn't gotten on reddit with this account until now).
I know right?
What kind of kid tells grandma that he has some sweet pics of the neighbor chick?
Is he a gay?
huh...i guess that's understandable, but still for safety reasons, he should've gone back to tell them.
Make sure they know at least, so it doesn't happen to someone else.
If he's cool with it, then i guess that's cool too haha
My friend came to my house and took a shit in my mom's bathroom.
and it wouldn't flush.
He just left.
It was in there for days.
My mom was pissed.
Not at all what my parents had to say.
Out of curiosity how old are you, and how old is your sister?
its funnier if she knows what happened
That really sucks.
TL;DR - I released a massive, turd-tastic log from my inner workings and it clogged the toilet.
Hence the username.
And this is the reason I am reluctant to drive every day.
i'm sad now.
I read "Worst day.
Ever." in comic book guy's voice.
Better have used protection!
fuck the parents!
what about a kid o.O
Good for you I guess.
Pet sessions.
Lahey you are fucked.
from a swanannoan.
no no...
don't believe these people, just put it the microwave for a few minutes, that fixes it every time.
And you get a nice meal to snack on when its done.
at her boobies?
Only if it's twincest.
I know - this situation is interesting, because OP surely broke a law, but if I were in that cop's position I would have changed my tune once I figured out why.
He essentially got sick, and the cop had no empathy for the situation whatsoever.
I would personally would like to thank you for your storytelling bravery.
that shit is as bad as a felony, maybe worse
NC resident here, yeahhh
Hello from friend
He never said it was perfect, it would explain a few things
Once every week or two is a lot different than my norm, is there anything out of the ordinary causing this?
i've seen a video of that happening...
afhafjkhsaadj its bad man
alright guys play nice.
Yes, sir/ma'am, Mod, sir/ma'am.
Thanks for doing good work.
Oh, he deleted his account.
Guess he couldn't hack it.
Ah, well.
DEXTER?
Pour detergent or dish soap in there and let it set for an hour or so.
Bleach is also an option (but don't mix them!) It should help with plunging assistance.
If you have a girlfriend, why the hell are you fapping?
TO R/NOCONTEXT!
I have had the opposite problem.
I have seem my boyfriend's mother naked or semi-naked on multiple occasions.
Darn.
I was having an interesting conversation with him too, haha
that website makes me uncomfortable
I am twenty one my sister is fifteen.
Poor guy got re-trolled by two Bens today.
ah, well...
we're okay with that too :)
There was this one time that my then BF/now DH, and I skipped school and went to his house to get it on.
Well his mom was at work and his grandma was supposed to be at church.
Well we were doing it everywhere and loudly.
She came out of her bedroom and asked what we were doing and why we weren't at school .
We said it was a half day and he said tickling.
She bought it, but if she had bothered to come to where we were...
well suffice to say we would've been caught.
We were both naked from the waist down and I only had a flimsy top on, no bra.
I still can't believe we got away with it.
Say it wasn't you
My girlfriend did this to me and man was I thrilled to know.
Incest is the best!
Not this time shaggy...
You can easily make it up, though.
how happy he must have been.
You couldn't have said you were making love.
You had to say you were "fucking" her...
She agrees this was some loud hardcore banging that's why I laughed
for a WEEK?
Of course YOU would encourage this kind of behavior, ANALRAPEWITHFORKS.
I think this is Mis filed.
It should be listed that Today I Was .
a country where everyone said " this is wrong and I am not going to play anymore.
" it could make Arab spring look like a walk in the park.
And it all started her with you.
In my future there will be statues in the parks of major city centres dedicated to you.
I have seen this future.
It is good.
It was pretty hard to see...
I anyway never thought someone would comment on this
a good deed done by accident.
Shit happens, and you can often get those for $35 online.
just asking because i totally pictured a hoarders type situation
from penises to statistics in 3 comments.
congrats reddit.
HOARDERS!?!
God, I'm organized.
I only have one dog, and she's cute.
If your girlfriend has a problem with you watching porn, she's expecting something unnatural.
Then yup, that's pretty funny
I sure hope there was midget tranny granny orgy stuff in that history.
Better than your girlfriend seeing you fuck your sister.
She knows.
I'm a couple years older than my sister.
Hope this never happens, yet kind of do.
oh man I got a good one.
So I was at this girls house, who I dated in highschool, and she led me to believe that her parents weren't home.
that we were alone I dropped trou and offered my D for a suck.
She accepted and approximately 4 minutes later her dad walked into her room.
He saw what was happening, took a few seconds for it to sink in and put his fist into the wall.
In a state of shock I pulled my pants back up and bolted out of the house, abandoning my shirt and shoes.
He chased me down the stairs but I had a head start and was able to hop in my car and speed off.
Tons of people put icy hot and ben gay on their balls.
I've tried it a few times myself.
Give it a shot...
feels good man.
Get you a nice handful and give yourself a good stroke.
I think you could of stopped after you mentioned that you were reading in public.
"why was big brother doing push ups on the couch with his girlfriend"
Thats nothin.
I'm going at my girlfriend in the basement, when my sister walks down.
My girlfriend freaks out but I keep a level head; I realize we're under a blanket so we're in no real danger, but I can't get my penis out of her without looking suspicious.
My sister is entirely oblivious, and proceeds to ask me a bunch of questions about CD-Rs, then leaves.
we finished later, but we felt bad about it.
TL;DR I instructed my sister how to burn a CD-R while inside someone
She your girlfriend, or she your sister?
BOTH
It was probably Alvin.
He is an annoying little asshole.
going to hell for laughing and ( this
I winced all right...
these days.
No manners.
yet kind of do.
i bet that couch smells like straight up ass.
Then I don't think it really was a fuck up
To the top with you!
It's just wrestling
But she caught me on the counter AND saw me banging on the sofa.
It wasn't you
Sounds like a porno.
But the woman hadn't gotten laid in nearly 25 years.
She may have forgotten.
I read your username as and chuckled.
To the bottom with you!
Essay sex?
like this make me think reddit is trying to tell me to get outside more so I don't get every reference.
I choose to suppress these thoughts.
One time I ran through a patch of freshly poured concrete.
for me, my dad owns a concrete company, same company that supplied the concrete for the pour, so he hopped in his truck and drove up and fixed it before any harm was done.
You deserve more upvotes than you got for this post.
And for that I'm sorry.
You have been bitten by a radioactive chipmunk.
You know what to do.
No worries, I think it was all for the better.
I would probably throw up cleaning my keyboard.
Juss sayin'
Her FB: zOMG I came home after a long day's worth of classes to see my brother fuck the shit out of his girlfriend.
ON THE LEATHER COUCH WE ALL LIKE SO MUCH :(
I knew it'd be bad, i didnt know the first thing i saw was gonna be a chopped off dick with a fucking rainbow coming out of it
Two short paragraphs was too long for you?
How did you ever make it through school?
Cliff's notes (or I guess summaries, these days) are a lot longer than two paragraphs, so even cheating seems like it'd be too difficult for you.
and better than seeing your sister fuck your girlfriend?
It was if she wasn't supposed to know he was fucking her...
Only sometimes
She caught him redhanded though
So did you finish that essay?
To the side with me?
seriously, old people can be real pricks and carry around some sort of entitlement and/or authority that they think they can yell and command anyone.
I got yelled and cursed at by some old prick on bus on the way home and i yelled and swore right back at him.
Didn't give a shit if he was old with a cane and carrying his frickin' KFC bucket.
It wasn't him
Its from south park
But I saw you on camera...
If that doesn't work you can also try Photo Rescue.
It's not free but it works well.
The demo will show you what it can recover, but you have to unlock it to run the recovery.
When I worked for my college paper, the photo advisor was cheap and bought crappy cards, we had to use this pretty frequently.
That's gold, Jerry, gold!
Also I nearly pissed myself laughing at that.
Put your sister to the test!
TIL shitnami.
Fixed: Today I fucked up by accidentally being a really nice guy.
Your only super power?
a ridiculous amount of food in your mouth at once...
The subreddit has descended into pure circlejerk.
Do you really find it that enjoyable to read?
heh heh thanx dude :)
I think I might be a chipmunk...
You will always remember this as the day that you almost caught !
Jack!
Break yourself, or break furniture or household objects?
The -man.
Now coming to a near you!
But basketballs fun!
for a gig on Dr.
Who as a companion/romance interest?
Sorry, isn't my native language.
Dogs love eating cat poop.
I call it Kitty Roca.
I looks just like Almond Roca but comes from a cat's butt.
Now bring it back around
lol...you going for round 2??
I hope I didn't spoil Almond Roca for you.
hehehe nahh it's ok :)
Oh my god I've never been that drunk!
And I've been really drunk.
ALVIN!!!
I bet your legs were 3 steps in front of the rest of your body...
i have been in your situation, and think maybe instead of worrying about how to get her back, you should look into why it happened in the first place?
People who are completely happy in their relationships are not inclined to do anything to jeopardise it.
When/if you do decide its definitely worth perusing, talk about what it was that led you astray?
I know it sounds corny, but it will work.
In terms of mooching your way back, flowers, seemingly effortless romance and constant reminders of dedication do the trick.
At least your conscience is clear.
It's better than mowing a rabbit den and decapitating 3 babies.
BTW the top half of a rabbits head looks quite odd when seen from the rabbit's mouth...
I dont think that having to deal with noisy kids on halo for a year is very good
if you look under the rubble, there are some people on there who aren't completely retarded
Just fucking ask her out for god sake.
So you were 25, and you were skippin school?
I wouldn't be too happy to see you after you ran me over with a bloody lawnmower.
Well, tbh, s/he probably died from the shock.
Little critters apparently do not last long after something happens that raises their little heart rates up.
So, i.e.
you hit chipmunk with mower, s/he passed out, you tried to bury it, it revived consciousness, bit your finger, ran away, and probably died halfway to its home.
Myself
At least you used the brake.
I didn't when i was 6 and broke my leg.
I'd have bit you too.
I'd have forgone the finger and went for the genitals before making my escape.
No, this was years ago when I was in HS.
I swear it's horrible.
Even if you consciously shake it, make sure it's not held up...
it'll still dribble!
Is it odd that I find it sad that young people feel they have to hide sex from their parents?
Your parents should be handing you condoms and telling you to be safe.
I often like to discuss, abortions, cannibalism, infectious wounds, and the like.
You would not survive at my dinner table.
Yeah man...
but chances are thin.
/t/trueatheism is where it's at
Try
damn man...
oh well, life goes on...
You're not alone ;)
Haha :3
I read the title and thought to myself "I have to check how this happened"
Does your ability work with anything besides food?
Insert bite yo nuts joke here.
Pizza rolls are fucking delicious.
Why should you have to stop buying certain foods at a particular age?!
Why would you tell us something like that??
See that stuff I can handle...gore...but poo wee saliva...forget about it!
I even subscribe to so there's that too.
why the criticism of this?
nothing wrong with doing that.
Jason Lee lost so many points with me for doing that those...
a real atheist doesn't discuss atheism, so your logic is flawed
:( That's life :(
Hmmm, read this as you lawnmowered a chipmunk, tried to Bury it, then some girl fucked you.
So intriguing.
OP did not deliver on my inability to read right.
Rabies shots for you :( Your life sucks.
Just a reminder - never pour anything back into stock containers.
It could lead to contaminating the stock material.
Which, as I see, you've already learned.
Right, if someone runs over me with a lawnmower then tries to bury me in the cornfield, how does it make me the asshole if I bite his finger?
Damn I am sorry my friend.
I was being sarcastic.
I am sorry that actually happened to you
I'm pretty good at the game, so I don't mind when they scream because I beat them.
My Dad got bit by a chipmunk when he was a child.
He STILL has a visible scar.
They are mean little devils, for sure.
Funny story though.
was on bathsalts weed.
just moved to NC
was in denial
thanks for shattering my dreams, guys
I was okay, no need for them.
Good on ya for donating xbl to someone
Beats being buried alive I guess?
bugs is good for you, builds character and gets you hair on your chest.
This guy's going places
If that ever happens, I flush while the shit flow is still strong so that it doesn't pile up in the can like fucking .
Add TP to the equation and you're asking for a shitty day.
Isn't it kind of sad to be surprised to meet a happy couple?
are always coming up to my boyfriend and I wanting to know the "secret".
Its something like, find someone you love and can fart around?
Maybe not cheat on each other?
perhaps?
I think those things can help.
lol picturing this in my head is hilarious
generally only spend about 5 seconds looking at your resume so a doubt most of them would notice.
And even if they did it's a small mistake.
I doubt they'd care.
A fuck up would be if you put the wrong phone number.
And know he's left his metal detector unplugged, ie "letting the terrorists in."
Same boat, but I realized it while looking through resumes I created months ago and sent out all over.
proof readers and a career counselor didn't catch my typo, and at least 20 prospective employers must have seen it.
" asshole."
so many shitty stories recently...
I review resumes a lot and do not like to see spelling mistakes.
There are times in which I will throw out a resumes that have spelling or grammar mistakes.
Get someone to proof read your resume and if that's not an option take your resume and read it out loud to yourself.
If it sounds funny, it probably needs a tweak.
I am so sorry, but I just had a nice chuckle at your expense.
I hope my upvote is enough to provide you solace.
I was never sure should it be ''NO ONE'' or ''NOONE'' but I never quite bothered to look it up because it's just a detail.
you had a "head" start.
Thanks for the smile, even if it was at your expense
Tagged you as: shoves golf balls up his anus
Nut up or shut up.
Just ask her out.
You 2 already seem acquainted and "click" with eachother.
Women appreciate the forwardness.
Worst case scenario she says no, then brush it off like a pimp and find a different woman.
This isn't really something YOU fucked up.
Who served bad oysters?
why can't I hold all these feels?
No, yes.
What he/she means is: How many dicks?
You're FUCKING up.
make arrangements to see her again, you idiot.
But we were ignorant (and therefore blissful)!
its a jesus chipmunk.
Soon, TIFU: I accidentally served bad raw oysters, poisoning an entire networking event.
you were blissful hearing a story about a chipmunk getting run over by a lawn mower?!
what the heck is wrong with you?!
Climb in the passenger side door, provided the door is shut enough to stay so while moving.
of life.
I love the fuck out of chipmunks.
"Excuse me, Mr.
, but my intestines are about to unleash something so hateful that it's going to make look like a picnic."
upboat for you.
to op:
at least you are already married, so you dont have to worry about this event damaging your prospects in that area.
networking is networking and word gets around.
Shitty = entertaining IMO.
i was gonna say maybe she read the link and didn't click, but you didn't read it so why should she.
every county and city is different.
depends on where you drive, speed traps, lots of things.
ewww
now ascii rendered onto a screen, that gets me going...
You should never Google "German porn".
I was expected this to end with her getting robbed or something and if you had been out there smoking, you would have seen it and been able to stop it.
Just ask her out next time you work with her.
upvote for upboat.
As I pulled up to our house, the pains increased exponentially.
As I read the last few sentences, the anticipation increased exponentially.
Nice prose.
I gotta take a dump now.
tit for tat
It wasn't too bad, luckily none of her exes were that well-endowed.
Minor sense of gratification concern for random jackoffs who care one way or the other about seeing someones name in concrete.
Get a grip.
Take good care of that wife of yours
They don't expect you to throw it into a lake.
And you've chosen to stand for the purity of public walkways.
Jesus, get a life- and therapy.
Since you think in trite platitudes, here's one for you: pick your battles.
Any updates?
I hope your wife knew where all the speed cameras were.
Don't let her make you feel like a criminal.
It's all about context, and in this context, what you did wasn't that bad- just sad.
=/ (And frustrating because you unwittingly boosted the ego of a TOTAL bitch.)
Just wait until July 5th.
I'm not a girl if thats what you're trying to hint at...
Dude, this is the biggest fuck up yet
heh, tit.
Your wife is everything I hope to be when I am married.
True love.
I get why the dad's pissed seeing that, but it's not like he didn't get his dick sucked by some girl when he was younger.
seems a little extreme, especially if you're dating the girl.
You jest!
I would be so bold as to say you lie!!
A good story, however, albeit a fabricated story, shall remains a good story.
And stories of shit, piss or farting will always be a karma mine good story.
My hat is tipped.
If the food was bad then you weren't the only one.
Maybe there was a reason for the potty line?
If anything the organizer/caterer should be ashamed.
You got poisoned and pooped dude, it's all good.
did me in too.
I projectile vomited at a bus stop on the busiest intersection in Mexico City once.
I had vomit all over myself for the long bus ride back to my Apt.
The locals must have figured I was insane because nobody sat by me either.
Why was it removed?
i feel for you bro.
this is why i only eat my oysters steamed.
If you can prove that you actually did this, I'll buy you another year of Gold (I really hope this post wasn't a ploy to get this response all along).
its fine.
i had multiple cards of those things anyways + that was never my goal in the first place
, all of those things and you're pretty much golden.
Second year with the first girl I ever really dated (met at 19) coming up in , I see it going strong for quite some time.
So...you deny yourself bacon?!
your wife sounds very sweet!
I hope the high-ranking official and the organizer didn't think you were rude, and I wonder if the others experienced a similar unfortunate situation.
but I've gotta wonder..
what was your wife's reaction?
laughter?
sympathy?
That is a great story, but the fuckup was really on the part of the caterer who served the oysters.
Raw oysters are always a small risk, but if more than one person got sick, they probably did something wrong.
At any rate, eating professionally catered food is not supposed to make you sick.
I got food poisoning from shrimp cocktail from a high end caterer once...
maybe catered seafood is just a bad idea.
I used to shoot weddings, catered food isn't really fresh at all.
I've learned to despise the stuff after eating it every other for years.
I thought this would be funny.
But this is just sad, dude.
I'm sorry but you really should look for professional help so you don't lose more important people in your life.
It seems like you learned your lesson...
but just to be on the safe side.
Yep, generalizations = bigotry.
Every time.
Not sarcasm.
Be a better person, don't think "fuck ".
Think "Fuck that guy".
venues because of how badly you have to take a dump, when there's a serviceable toilet at the current place, is always a terrible idea.
No one is going to hold it against you for more than the 20 minutes it may take for the smell to dissipate.
You got bad intel from the BF.
He should know if she's home, and he should be keeping you informed to avoid such incidents.
You should actually be thrilled that she trusted you enough to give you her full sexual history.
It was just kind of a bad move on your part.
You clearly get it.
There's no quick fix, this is fairly easy to misinterpret and exactly the kind of thing no one would own up to honestly if they did it for the reasons that your BF assumes...
So yeah.
and work over time to convince him that he's normal or better in the size area.
I have a powerful toilet because I'm prone to these sorts of bowel movements.
Every time I have one, I usually shout, " the Kraken!".
At least that's the current line.
When I clog a toilet, I do whatever I have to do to get that shit taken care of.
Break out the rubber gloves and get in there with your hands, my friend.
You'll come clean afterwards, I promise, and you can clear the clog this way.
Also, toilet snakes are a godsend.
Ah, easy mistake.
never thought of it like that before
No matter what the average is..
no guy will ever be cool with hearing that the last dick you saw was bigger.
If I had the worlds second largest penis...
I would def hate the guy with the largest if my wife hooked up with him.
It's a dude thing -
that'd suck.
I hate hearing anything about my wife's previous hook ups.
I know everyone has them but for some reason I have never been cool hearing about others
I got caught with my gf in her basement while eating her out.
Her older sister came running down stairs too fast for her to even pull her pants up.
Her sister pretty much caught me mid act.
She said ew omg and turned around as she moved her pants up.
She then told me that I better not be doing anything else or she would kill me.
We had dirt on her though so if she snitched we would have ruined her.
We caught her giving head to her bf in his BMW in the drive way.
Be careful when you browse it, you might accidentally make a typo and go to .
Oh another time I was fucking my gf in my bed room and we both were absolutely home alone I made sure to check every where.
Things got super weird as we both clearly heard at the same time "YA A IS HAVING SEX WITH HIS GIRL FRIEND."
I can only assume that my sister had walked by to her room that day and quickly left with out going to investigate.
We clearly both heard it and I had her hide super quick in my closet lol.
No one was home after she hid, I checked again every where.
The garage was closed as normal which is a warning sound for us should anyone come home, it was the type that makes tons of noise through the floor so we would know.
Still one of the weirdest times.
yer right though, totally not his fault.
i'm guessing sigh
Cannot upvote enough!
thanx for the heads up!
Did they still pay you?
The temperature this week was over 100 the whole week, I watered the plants for about 20 minutes a day, there were only three flowerbeds.
They are all wilted now.
You must water the plants only in the evenings during that kind of heat.
Well, now I know.
Thanks to you.
I will find out soon.
That wasn't a very good video.
The pool looks worse than it is.
Throw 3 or 4 pool shocks (concentrated chlorine packets for pools) in there with the filter running and it will be clear again.
Pool pumps are actually pretty hard to break.
You're not supposed to run them without water but chances are the pump itself is fine.
in ground pools have a valve that automatically fills the pool up to a designated level.
It sounds like either that valve is broken.
If that is the case this isn't really your fault.
It took me a year and a half to figure out how to tune my pool filters, get the pumps set just right, and handle the chemicals.
You shouldn't beat yourself up because you couldn't figure it out in a week.
Yeah, plants need a lot more water than that in the South.
Also is right, water in the evening or early morning.
please elaborate
I want to know more about the other occasions in which you were undignified.
Don't forget to get her a pretty bouquet of flowers.
So basically you started grazing it and then just kept going.
That's the thing, I have nothing against .
It just came out wrong and I seemed like a total asshole.
That's the thing, I have nothing against .
In your rational mind, you don't.
But if it just came out without thinking, you have a subconscious prejudice, and that's something you need to work on.
Yeah, pretty much.
Tell em you like it rough and dirty.
A wink adds a nice touch to any unsuspecting male.
no day should ever have to turn into getting a needle in your ass
Pro-tip: Pull the some of the wrapper off the end of the straw and twist the paper into a point like a dart.
You'll have better albeit not perfect accuracy.
Your has a real potty mouth.
I finished my FFI/FFII/HAZMAT/EMD multiple other certs...
still cant pass that fucking test.
I delivered my own son and have explained to others how to do it over the phone...
and I can't pass the OB portion.
NREMT can burn in hell
Court date is in August.
I don't have to go, lawyer will put in my plea as "Not Guilty" and we'll go from there.
Only real regret is that same week I share my fuck up some chick shits on her man's dick and I don't get TIFU of the week LOL.
Shit happens amiright?!
We brought one of our blankets with us to the hotel so she was pretty mad that I peed on it but now that I washed it everything is back to normal :) Thanks for the story though.
It really got me laughing.
Also, go to a STD clinic, or whatever the hell they're called.
Get a check up.
Home throne makes this so much easier to bare
THIS and you gotta get more ass shots, man i feel bad for you op; but next time leave the potential road kill alone
Plan on it.
ASAP.
Well, people can just "blabber" and say words that don't honestly reflect their thoughts.
Her real thinking might be more negative about certain aspects of Muslim doctrine, which reasonable people rightfully disdain, and often even Muslim people.
The same thing could be said if you substitute almost any religion.
A slip of the tongue is not necessarily .
But it does at least mean she's not being careful about the brain-mouth connection, which is a skill everyone should master.
I've done something similar to this...
, this doesn't look all that bad to me.
This happens to everyone at some point or another.
Just apologize (in person) to Mark and move on.
I always knew that guy was creepy.
[THIS IS AN ACTUAL PICTURE OF HIM](
If it's a boy I get to name him!
Good god no explanation needed for this one.
Why, though?
Was she THAT hot?
On the bright side, you should get karma not only from Reddit, but from life!
when you get aids, you can tell everyone your life story and ill start a charity drive for hiv/aids research
at least you saved that raccoon's life, it couldve gotten run over
lol i remember my parents hiring this idiot who watered the cacti in high humidity, they died in a few hours.
you must be his son or something
ive never seen a straw wrapper before east asian
i thought the way you got the straws out of the plastic was to press on the top or bendy part of the straw downwards with your thumb so that it breaks out of the plastic
I was disappointed
Use the oven next time.
I met mine when I was 14
I actually have a friend who's mom is like that.
In 1st grade he told her he had a girlfriend, and in 6th grade he told her that he had sex with another girl in summer school.
She was surprised, but said nothing much about it and just brought him condoms.
He was a bitch to ask people to buy him live
my grandma always shoots those at me...
never misses...
but anyways what an uptight prick I would've shot one at him too
Like they say.
Nico
It really doesn't look too bad.
I once accidentally sent an IM to my boss talking shit about my boss.
It was intended for a new hire that asked my opinion.
Wait just a second, I said.
I'll IM you, I said.
oh god I am so sorry this happened to you.
that sounds awful :(
"Being the stupid helper I am,"
I am sorry for your trouble but I enjoyed this read quite a lot!
I have made this exact mistake.
The positive side, I came out looking REALLY dumb, people didn't care at all about the content of the message and everyone laughed at me.
I greatly preferred to look stupid myself than to have everyone laughing at my derp coworker.
This makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.
Best mom ever.
I mean, kids are going to start thinking of rubbing their genitals together as puberty hits, and will most likely go through with it by the ages of 14 to 20 anyway.
Might as well help them avoid teen pregnancy and disease.
What is it with toilets that they seem to block so often?
I haven't had a clogged toilet in my life.
Why did it take so long/
Why did I take so long, huh/
To figure it out, but I didn't /
And I'm the only one /
the sun who didn't get it/
I can't believe that I can be deceived/
By my so-called girl, but in reality /
She had a hidden agenda/
She put my tender, heart in a blender/
And still I surrender /
I don't enjoy the taste of bacon.
I am not a medical professional, or even a knowledgeable amateur, but I believe food poisoning symptoms take a little while to set in.
I don't know that I'd blame it on the oysters 'moments after', so maybe just a coincidence?
Or perhaps you are developing an intolerance to them?
I know that I have sensitivities to certain foods that can cause similar reactions.
You'll know it's food poisoning if it's still bothering you the next few days I guess.
Hope you feel better either way!
That sounds terrible, and I'm so sorry you had to experience it!
I hope you're at least feeling a bit better now.
You nailed the shit out of that pun.
I went there once.
Once was enough.
A large portion of my friends are Muslim because a lot of people convert when they go to jail.
I've never had anything against the religion.
What I meant is, these Muslim extremists that cut off the heads of children are fucking insane.
My boss is Muslim and he's one of the nicest guys I've ever met.
I don't think all are bad.
Or it was the smell.
Start out by never using the word 'fancy' in her presence, unless she's some kind of 'fag-hag.'
I down voted you on principle alone.
can fix an underwhemly powerful card.
I imagine it could run it, but nobody would consider it playable.
quis per quod
I might be.
I used to have cactus plants in my bathroom.
I watered them one a month (by dropping water from a hand towel, I knew too much water was bad), they died after a year.
The only plant I could ever keep was a sunflower, and those had no seeds.
I suck at flowering.
I fucked up.
Just wait, a lot of the time when i clog toilets and the water doesn't go down, i will just wait and after some amount of time it goes down.
So when serving raw oysters, how can you as a chef (or a a consumer, too), be aware of a bad oyster?
I used to love them but avoid them now as uncooked shellfish just seems risky!
One does not simply admit to "not liking the taste" of bacon on Reddit.
Until the OP from the other post confirms this, I'm going to say, this never happened.
In this case, the oysters looked completely normal, so I didn't notice anything wrong with them, and I assumed not.
, how can I contact him?
[You can send him a message here.](
of water...?
you get 10 extra points for a headshot.
I sent him a message.
Do you ever consider a mid-poop flush?
why didnt you bring your laptop with you?
Hey man, it was an accident; don't beat yourself up!
'That's what' - She
You just made a few mistakes.
It's no big deal.
die, but they're not pets, just decoration.
screws up a job here and there.
EVERYONE.
Don't beat yourself up.
her last name was ?
Dude, I wasn't saying it to be a prick, it was more just a suggestion to break up the text or something, sorry if I offended people, there's no need to get so aggro about it!
The phrase had to come from SOMEWHERE.
opwillsurelydeliver.jpg for karma!
1st World Nerd
Haha thanks buddy, tbh I think my main problem was when I read the original title I imagined a literal anaconda (I have no idea why!).
You can see why I might have had some disappointment there :P
I had to get rabies shots too!
I was ten and it fucking sucked.
Is the serum still hot pink?
They thought I would like it more since I was a little girl...I hate pink :(
she swims alot normally but I think this just caught her by complete surprise and scared the hell out of her.
He's a family friend.
The worst thing he can do is not pay me
i don't believe i've ever seen both parties of a TIFU story post their take on the same event seperately.
i shall never forget this day.
Is that a gut reaction?
Well that's certainly not a gay club ..
you can never have too many dicks on those dance floors :)
Well, it is quite interesting.
I am a myself, and another friend of mine told me about the post on here, so I decided to say my side, as well as apologize.
Best not to ask.
They are probably designed to keep plumbers employed.
There's a lot of shit like that here.
Do NOT click on that, its awful ..
its like watching the bugblatter beast of Traal feed and then mate.
Or mate and then eat its mate ..
either way it will scar you.
I'm a chef with some experience serving raw oysters.
All you can really do is get them from the most respected dealer, and follow proper storage procedures.
Even if you do that, you'll still get some that are clearly questionable and should be thrown out.
But no matter how careful you are some will just look fine and sneak by, even if you do everything correctly.
"Chop and flush" never heard that before, sounds like a plan.
Or less starch to stop you up.
And that is what happened in this case.
GGG'in it up like a boss.
respect.
AFAIK, summer is the most risky time to consume raw oysters.
The rule of thumb I've heard is to only eat oysters in months with the letter 'R' in them, as these are the cold-weather months.
In my experience with high-quality oysters like kumomoto and beau soleil, I'd usually get 2-3 bad ones per 500 count.
Triple that for more mid-range product.
I'm gonna give you the professional benefit of the doubt and say you know what a bad oyster looks like, not to serve an open one, etc.
So that being true, if your product made a bunch of people sick your purveyor fucked up bad.
You need to get in touch with them, and probably go ahead and contact your local health authorities.
one of the following happened: They're incompetent or cutting corners.
Their HACCP broke down somewhere and they don't know yet.
Or worst of all, there's a contaminated oyster bed out there still giving up bad oysters.
There's accountability for each of these, and it probably needs to be followed up on or people are going to keep getting sick.
Quick EDIT: And dear god, I hope you kept the tags that came on the crates of oysters.
The one's you're supposed to keep for 90 days after serving raw shellfish?
I really hope you didn't throw those out.
where's the other parties post =O ?
i wanna see
Ok, first off, it's a throwaway.
Who isn't saying that the other OP could've made this account just to reap rewards on a throwaway?
I'm not immediately dismissing the possiblity of this being true, but it seems a little too (
Yeah, this is bullshit.
I don't believe for a second you're the chef.
It's way too coincidental, especially since in the first post there was a comment saying something to the effect of "wouldn't it be amazing if the chef did a TIFU too?"
That's what I linked to, and yep.
I can't imagine the exact chef at the exact event being a redditor and happening to like .
It's just not likely.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say this whole thing is a sham.
That sounds hot.
Except for the 7 month part.
Hey OP.
Just saw there's some doubt in here because of how coincidental this seems.
Figure, since I'm a chef, I can ask you some quick questions.
Any chef whose ever served raw oysters should be able to answer these in like thirty seconds.
What kind of oyster was it and where were the beds that produced them?
How many were you buying and what were you paying per?
Or if you were buying over 1000ct what price per lb or kg?
What's your preferred format of oyster knife?
How many can you shuck in ten minutes with that?
How many per ten minutes with a non-preferred knife?
What were the garnishes and the bed you served them on?
How many people were you serving, how many people were working under you, and was service plated or buffet?
EDIT: Also, since I'm about to go to work probably before this guy answers, if he does.
Anyone can verify this if you can get the city, or even the state this supposedly happened in.
Any more than TWO people getting food poisoning from the same event qualifies as an outbreak, and will be reported.
Google around, someone will figure it out.
are best and safest when they're from cold water.
So in North you're better off in the winter because it's easy to find good ones, and they're cheaper then.
In the warmer months you have to go farther north to get good ones, and there are fewer beds producing so they're more expensive.
If in doubt just ask for the variety and what state (or province, lots come from Canada) the beds are in.
Don't trust anywhere that can't or won't provide you with this information.
ambiguous wording, short and inelaborate thread replies, throwaway account.
Fake as fuck.
EDIT: And now a message in my inbox titled "You need to shut the fuck up":
I DONT CARE IF IT IS FAKE FUCK YOU.
STOP TELLING PEOPLE SHIT!
I WANT KARMA JUST LEAVE ME A LONE!
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND YOUR COMMENTS.
I think OP was looking for some details on how you can tell that a oyster does not look normal.
Let's presume that some of these oysters did look bad.
How would you have known?
you should have said "yeah faggot i did and jerked off in his face"
I got the exact same message.
Dude, give it up, seriously.
You're really bad at this.
He has sent several of us messages confirming that he's lying and just wants karma.
Hey, at least you weren't a girl's house or party or something.
Called it.
No doubt you'll try explaining it's shopped, etc...](
Dude, you have all the subtlety of a nun running down the street naked with a broom stuck up her arse.
Get over yourself.
i'm voting this just so it can live.
i'm intrigued of the validity of this thread.
Fake.
Upboat.
It is very real, the only thing photoshopped is your mom!
There is no validity.
See our screenshots above.
Funny, we've provided more proof than you have.
that dream died quick.
I doubt it.
Given that he's actively replying to other comments newer than this one, and pointedly ignoring yours, that's reasonable confirmation he's unable to answer due to being a liar.
No evidence, hoe.
ewww, firefox.
That nurse sounds condescending as hell.
You put quotes up so im assuming that what was said verbatim.
ho
Nope you ares.
fuck off cunt
For future reference, squeeze dish soap down the toilet whilst flushing.
Maybe he was just calling me a garden hoe?
Yeah he's pretty close with his mom
What you're failing to realise is that everyone hates a liar.
A liar gains no respect whatsoever.
So stop lying.
Doesn't your restaurant, and your insurance cover this at least a little?
you have much to learn...
you rock dude, lol, these people just don't know how to appreciate a good troll when they see one
Learn to control your hunger.
You should have eaten what you threw up, so that next time your body won't do something stupid like throw up when you are hungry.
That's backwards.
Seems like you have semi-public (or at least semi-risky) oral sex practices in your families.
I hate when these pun threads shit up the comment section.
I wouldn't give a shit if my daughter fucked anyone as long as she had brought him home a couple times and he wasn't a complete asshole.
And she could, in theory, fuck anyone she wanted to, but she could only fuck the douchebags at parties or her car.
Not my house.
She had just better be using some form of birth control, and knowing her partners well enough to deduce that they don't have aids.
pissed that teenagers are being teenagers is retarded and setting a terrible example for being a parent.
I don't care what the stigma of a "dad" is.
I almost messed up way worse than this once.
I work in IT and was having a friendly rivalry with another guy in the department.
He realized he could continually send me meeting invites over and annoy me.
I realized I could write a script to automatically do the same thing to him, so I did.
I turned the script on and was immediately satisfied when I heard him bitching from a couple cubes down.
But then he logged out of .
And for some reason the script started sending the spam to everyone.
So yeah, I spammed all of my peers and all of my bosses and my bosses' bosses with "The whistles go WOO!" laughed at me and it was quickly forgotten.
Thank God I had the wherewithal to change it from "Fuck you!"
TL;DR - Tried to be nice, got fucked
Why does he think he has a small dick?
What does he think is the average penis size?
That's actually very sweet.
Are you a crude lesbian lol
So what is her name...?
Mary Ajole
How is that phoenetically different?
I was just guessing, but I was thinking the 'e" makes a different sound.
Like a-hole-ee likes rhymes with guacamole.
Didn't catch your post before I made mine.
You're alright, kid
FUCK ALL YALL N00BZ
not my family but her family.
I'm just trying to picture your face after you realized what you said
Did anyone laugh?
You're laughably bad at this.
Comes out sounding like Ah-hole rather than ay-hole
A lot of nervous chuckles!
I'm sure it was priceless.
At least it's Friday!
But will I have anywhere to go on Monday?
I'm half mexican, I should probably know this shit :/
So am I, so you definitely should :p Just messin bud.
Sure you will.
The unemployment office counts, right?
Lol no I agree with you
At least I have a good story to tell, right?
That is all that matters!
You know the name Joel?
Maybe it was like A-Joel (Ajole).
Just an idea.
anything good?
Unless it's porn of your mom or your sister, I don't think you fucked up.
on your definition?
Show us and we will know it when we see it.
Step 1 -- pull them aside and APOLOGIZE
The best idea when you're not sure to call the student is to pull the student aside and ask them privately on they would like to be called.
If you're not sure/not ready to do that, just call them by their preferred name instead of dropping down to "sir/ma'am" if you can.
, I did say something after class to the student.
It just made teaching for the rest of the day mega awkward, I'll never make that mistake again.
Still have no idea about this kid's gender identity.
student though, I must say.
pictured a bunch of fourth graders; "so Sam how was your day at school?"
I've had this happen to me so many times, and only one person has ever apologized to me.
So, props on you for that, and don't worry about it too much.
The student will forgive you.
I suppose asking you to tell them a stranger from the internet sends hugs is a bit much, isn't it?
Nope, high school writing class.
The student said that he/she was "having a bad day" and didn't mean to run out on me.
I think I played it off pretty well, with humor and no weekend homework.
Just saw your username.
hahahahaha thanx for the advice...erm...eating spew not high on the agenda tho :P
But it's also interesting to know now what caused it.
If he's a family friend, he probably will still offer to pay you, but only to be polite.
Own up to everything right away and decline payment at first.
If he still insists, you can take the money because it would be rude not to.
But it sounds like he left you the house without giving too much info so it's not all your fault.
I was at work when the money was exchanged at his house (my parents were there eating dinner), so I did not have a chance to decline the offer.
, I wish I had more than one upvote for your comment.
I will keep that in mind as good advice when I mess up again.
If you haven't yet, make sure you thank him either in person or on the phone.
Let him know that you're still available for work if he's willing to hire you again.
But in the long run, taking full blame early is the best way to go.
Unless something went horribly, horribly wrong, he'll likely look past this.
Yes, I told him as soon as the pool turned green what happened.
He said not to worry about it.
That's a good sign.
Pools can cost a lot to repair.
Offer to help him clean it if it needs to be.
Also, nice update.
Ah-sweep-ay!
autocorrect doesn't appreciate SNL.
Bake them a "Sorry I threw up everywhere" cake?
HCl is bad, but HF will fucking kill you if you get it on your skin.
I'd be surprised if you could find it in a high-school lab, or college if you aren't a chemistry field major.
I wouldn't stress too much.
Shit happens, and at least you spoke to the kid privately afterward.
That's a great thing to do!
In one of my classes I had a person of questionable gender identity.
, indiscriminate features, and to top it off the name was unisex.
Even the voice didn't give away anything!
I didn't speak to or about this person for maybe a couple months.
bitches love cake
Its less atheism and more antitheism.
the for the ride.
I know how you're feeling because just the other night I was in ( where I ended up peeing all over a bed my girlfriend and I were sharing.
It happens to everyone.
If you drink, chances are this will happen to you.
It happens to the best of us.
By the time you're old, you and everyone you know will do or have done things far worse when under the influence.
apologize but realize it's no big deal in the big scheme of things.
switching pipes
This shit actually legitimately made me laugh.
excellent.
Joe Dirt, I see you...
I came up with the username on a whim, I am in fact half mexican.
I'm sure the teacher felt more embarrassed than you did.
Very few people know who's operating all the technical stuff.
A double-edged blade, I guess.
That's why they have their own Awards.
At least it's not a sexual harassment lawsuit, like your title suggested.
talking about your dick with everyone might be very loosely classified as sexual harassment.
boy that's shitty
I appreciate your concern.
Your brother had his way with you.
I used to teach vomit procedure, but it has been a while.
I will get back to you.
Heh, sorry about all that, seriously though, don't sweat it.
Next time it will be someone else blowing chunks and it will be your turn to get a chuckle out of it.
Aren't there student records you can look up?
Surely it would state on some of them the gender?
Or possibly ask some of his/her other teachers?
It's not related to your race, I just like it.
One time I threw up on a friend's mattress and pillows he made sure I paid for getting that dry cleaned.
He was pretty pissed at me and we kind of drifted apart after that :/
I got the rabies vaccine.
It doesn't prevent rabies, it just gives me a longer period of time before I need to get to a hospital.
What a lame ass vaccine.
Just sincerely apologize in person and thank them.
It's almost not that bad.
You kind of saved it a bit.
Who hasn't felt like they might have been creeping out a mentor once...?
Maybe it could be construed as you having just heard a great quote from him just because you think he's such a funny guy...
the records say, whatever the factual reality may be, may have little bearing on what the person wishes to be considered.
did that with a music teacher at my school.
Her name was Ms.
Dofeck, and one time a girl accidentally shouted, "HEY MIS DOFUCK!'
We also had 3 music teachers named Mr.
Buttz, Mr.
Jam-poles, and Ms.
Boddy.
We had all sorts of fun with those names.
Man, if Engish was my first language I'd never have to think about anyone's gender, ever.
By the way, this also makes chatting online with strangers easier, and gaming for girls a lot harder.
Just do a little of (
I had this happen once.
But it was when I was about 11 or so.
Made a friend with long blonde hair, fairly androgynous, unbroken voice and a name like "Ashley".
Hung out with them for a few days not knowing what gender they were and had no idea how to figure it out...
eventually, they made some comment about falling off a fence and crushing their balls or something.
I know that feeling of relief all too well!
Most trans people I have met are okay with you asking what pronouns they prefer, at least when they are andronogous.
I guess this applies to cis people as well, but I'm not as sure on that.
This is true about arabic, you can't call a person without using a gender based call.
Doesn't it say in the class register or records or whatever?
I guess you might not have been able to check in the three seconds it took for the person to put their hand up and for you to reply
It's possible, and likely based on the fact that everyone was laughing, that this person was not trans.
Oh dragon ball.
The answer to all of life's questions.
Well, if you ask me, ma'am sounds a lot like man.
when you are online you do not know who is a girl and who is not, so generally they would assume you are a man and use the male pronouns etc.
for you.
I guess this alienates girls.
The power washer has a circuit breaker in the plug.
You just need to press the reset button.
OP keeps referring to the student as "kid", so it could have nothing to do with gender identity, just an androgynous-looking kid.
Hence the part about cis people :-)
I am not cis myself so I cannot speak for them, maybe you can?
they should dress their gender and avoid stupid shit like this in the future.
You made a best guess and got it wrong.
You shouldn't have to "hope" you get it right when saying mam and sir to someone.
Hm, sorry, I should have addressed that.
Then again, this rarely comes up with cis people, so my experience may just be outliers.
Have you checked your class roster?
I thought that says gender.
At least looking them up in the school system should.
That must really piss you off...
This and the parent comment make me think of Pat from the old SNL
Sorry to hear that; i thought most things done while drunk were excusable.
How else would we booty call?!!
You were drunk, right?
Tough luck.
it doesn't happen just in gaming situations...
I get called "Dude" or "Man" all the time while snowboarding and browsing Reddit
senseless.
One of those stupid dares to see who can down more shots of vodka and bacardi.
Did not end well.
Ya, he was kind of an asshat anyway.
Wasn't too upset about it.
school.
Just says name and birthday.
Even worse, it's a small private school where the bathroom isn't gender segregated.
Did anyone consider that he's not trans and just androgynous...?
Yea I was coming back here to say the same thing.
Very small private school.
I'm sure there is record somewhere, but it would be kinda sketch to dig around in my boss's office.
How does that work out?
My college did a trial week where the bathrooms weren't gender-specific, and put signs on every bathroom saying that any gender could use either one.
felt too awkward to break it.
The voice is what's really throwing me off.
neutral.
Have you confirmed that they are in fact trans and not just androgynous?
I spent the time between 4th grade and the first half of my sophomore year looking androgynous (I'm male) and I'm not transsexual in any way.
No, very conservative private school.
and all that.
There's only one toilet, and the door locks.
That's how small the school is.
They wear uniforms.
Oh, well that's not what I was thinking of then.
"Kid" "" "Person" Just to keep it generic because I'm not going to give a name, of course.
You can fit a condom over your head, I guarantee it wasn't too small.
Maybe you're used to a looser fit, but there's no reason you couldn't get your dick in one.
Also, that sucks.
I'm actually a culinary arts major; this is a pretty good idea.
Maybe he's a big black man.
How did your nose get caught on a piercing?
That doesnt seem possible to me.
Didn't seem possible to me either buddy.
It wasn't a ring, just a stud.
I guess it was already sticking out a little, and the edge of my nostril caught it.
It wasn't to tight, just to short.
THANK GOD NO!!
Yea snooping is not a good idea.
Just have a chat to some of the other teacher's then (or even your boss), it may make you feel a little foolish but that would be better than another fuck up.
It's highly likely other teacher's have had the same issue with the student.
Do it and then post pictures.
OP, be honest.
Is this story just a fabrication designed to allow you to claim that your dick is too big for condoms.
I don't think either of these events happened.
I'm a hiring manager at a bookstore, and when I'm deciding between two equal candidates, I DO look at things like spelling on the resume.
The thinking is that if they aren't taking the time to make sure something that important is correct, they won't be taking the time to deal with paperwork correctly.
shrug
Having said that, I wouldn't have blinked an eye at "greeted costumers", but then, I've got a theatre background as well.
Wowza, she must be burning with the intensity of a thousand suns.
how old are they..?
I think that's the main source of confusion as to whether this is a gender identity issue or just an androgynous kid.
Think what you might, but The condom mishap wasn't the meat of the story.
It just kind of added to the misfortune of the night.
If your comment true, this post would have been "TIFU by having a dick too big to fit a condom into".
Skirts and pants then.
I can't believe this made it to #1 on TIFU.
I look forward to lewillman's boss her name in a few months from now and finding this thread.
While reading this my nuts got a strange tingle in them just thinking about 3rd degree ball burns.
I'm sorry that your chestnuts burned.
My ex and I both had our lips pierced.
He had a horseshoe?
and I had a full loop.
His got caught on mine, mid-sex.
We couldn't see them to unhook us and it was very difficult to get up and look in the mirror.
It took about 10 minutes.
10 very painful minutes.
You may even make it to TIFU of the week!
Much better than the post I made about spewing on myself the other day...I felt sick all day after that happened!
I tired for about 5 minutes.
I hit reset and test in every combination there is.
Still not working haha
I hate pools.
They are money black holes (like boats).
I love that song
Just wait until you're in the same situation, except with habanero peppers.
meat
hehehehehe
Maybe he/she wants to be the oppostie sex which they were born.
You said "ma'am" and they probably picked up the word going against what they want to be.
It could be a he wanting to be a she, or a she wanting to be a he.
The puzzle goes on and on.
Just look in the files for what the gender is.
When I was in school they had a sheet of paper with our lunch numbers, gender, and contact info.
You don't have that?
Even my high school teachers had this info.
last night.
She didn't cry though...
we finished up and then played scavenger hunt trying to find it.
i guess i shouldn't be surprised that not a lot of people are aware of gender neutral pronouns.
you, them, themselves, they, ze's, zim's, etc.
gender is a really touchy subject that a lot of people are insensetive toward when it comes to genderless or trans people, or even androgynous people.
i've been called a boy before and i am not a boy, but that still echos in my head until this day.
For future reference, the condom does not go into your dick.
i am female, to start off, and i call everyone "man" or "dude" because they aren't technically gender specific.
like if someone says to a group of people, "hey guys!", doesn't always mean they really are all people who identify as men.
if a cis person is androgynous, it just depends on how they feel.
i'm fairly sure i'm cis and apparently i look like a cisboy to some people, and i was confused for a little boy since i was really young.
it really rings in the back of my mind and i'll never forget it, but it just depends.
i stick to female pronouns for now because i need to read up more on gender, haha.
TIL the prefixes "cis" and "trans" are actually used in a way that does not refer to molecular structure.
, it sounds like they F'ed up, not you.
If I was having someone take care of my house and power wash my deck, I'd spend enough time to make sure they understood what they were doing.
Not fully preparing you was their fault.
followed up with a spitball to his face.
That's hot.
You should ask her to jerk you off using your favorite hot sauce as lube.
Oh well.
Don't matter got paid
That's the most bullshit thing I've ever heard.
Yes, you CAN fit a condom over your head or arm.
It's also tight when you do that.
I know, I've done it.
Do you think a guy wants to have the circulation to his dick cut off?
Just because you can MAKE it fit, doesn't mean it ACTUALLY fits.
Aww fuck, that's what I was doing wrong.
Damn you abstinence only sex Ed!
That would keep you hard for longer
Wow, she cried over getting a stud pulled out?
How did she even manage to get it pierced in the first place with a pain tolerance that low?
with the same amount of tears.
What are you?
3 feet long?
Those things stretch for miles!
totally made it sound like you just wanted to let everyone know that you get laid.
3/4 of this shit is either condom:dick ratio, or sex.
" 'man', I said 'man' "
did you poke a corpse together?
If you're going to call bullshit on my example, I'm going to have to call bullshit on your comparison.
There are very few people in the world with a dick as thick as your wrist, let alone your head.
The minimal amount of stretching that would go on to fit an above-average penis's circumference would not cut off circulation in any feasible scenario.
And as OP clarified, it was too short, rather than too thin so it's a moot point anyways.
I don't know if you have ridiculously thick wrists or if mine are just a little small, but I -have- seen a few cocks that were as big, or bigger than, my wrists.
Not too many, but a few.
So it can't be -that- uncommon.
And okay, maybe it doesn't feel tight on our wrists, but a dick is a lot more sensitive than a wrist.
So, I still can kinda see how the condom being too tight might be a legitimate complaint for some.
And yes, I guess it is now...
Since 1994 (well, cisgender anyway.
No idea how long transgender has been a word).
on a friend's floor whilst obscenly drunk is a rite of passage to manhood.
Well done, my Man.
I'm sure her piercer was just thrilled to have her.
They love crybabies.
If your dick is too big for , don't ever buy Kimono brand.
Those are even tighter.
I'd agree that this was OP's attempt to say he has a big dick, but I also have to agree that Trojan makes some uncomfortably small condoms.
If you haven't tried their various special kinds yet, don't bother.
Feels like someone's strangling your cock.
about 2 months ago.
And what led you to that conclusion
What's his/her first name?
Enjoy the pain.
Durex uses the same proprietary technology developed for (
me if I'm wrong, but isn't man completely gender specific?
I -have- seen a few cocks that were as big, or bigger than, my wrists.
Not too many, but a few.
Seen, not personally encountered or had inside of me.
Did you finish?
You shouldn't have taken your penis out on the bus in the first place!
If you feel like talking about it with people on reddit I'm sure those over at (or maybe even ) knows what's up :)
You are not alone.
I shit into a sink belonging to an apartment full of girls the night I was finally hooking up with my longtime crush.
Now she won't really talk to me.
Sorry for partying.
bullshit.
Small condoms can stretch out to over 14 inches without any trouble.
I can promise you you're not 14 inches.
as is dude...
lol did you finish?
nut on her nose?
There should be a button that allows me to give all the upvotes from justgesing's condom-in-dick comment to you, because you just won this round.
you did no wrong, just because raccoons are "sooo adorable :3" doesn't mean they can't be annoying and fuck shit up, which 99% of the time on someone's property, they are.
i hope you make them into hats afterwards.
More like an interjection in some cicumstances.
"Man, that was great" doesn't mean I'm talking to a mean necessarily.
Cat just came back.
Must have seen this post.
That's what I kept getting told, but it did not ease the guilt :') my friend (A in the post) has done the same sort of thing so he knows what it's like, and was understanding hahaa
Claim you meant to say man.
At least we get funny stories out of this sorta thing :')
Ah unlucky mate!
It would've been different if you had been with the girl, but I do feel bad for you :(
I did this kinda once in math class in high school.
It doesn't hurt unless you get it inside your peepee.
shit barf.
hope you helped clean...
If you have to hope you laced something with weed, as in you don't know whether you did or didn't, chances are pretty good you're fairly stoned yourself.
I am not sure if this would imply that the cookies are laced or not.
At first I wanted to say yes, obviously.
But it could mean you fucked up and smoked all the weed you meant to put in the cookies, forgot, and are now hoping you did.
I was honestly too drunk too!
I didn't actually make /that/ much mess.
Let's just say they're all use to picking up dog mess haha.
I would've helped if I was able too though, I swear!
Maybe he's [Jonah Falcon?
(NSFW)](
So what you're saying is that you just put your dick into the story for flavor.
Which one are you, Trae or Z-Ro?
Not immediately, but we got better condoms, and got back to it.
Call me crazy, but I don't want the barrier between me and fatherhood to be stretched to its full extent.
I'd rather just get some bigger ones.
Tears are nature's best lubricant.
you have to pay extra if you want cock strangulation.
maybe i've completely misunderstood something here, but when I was in school, the guys wore pants and the girls wore skirts.
it'd be easy to make the ma'am assumption in that case.
then again I have no fucking clue what your uniforms look like
edit-should clarify I went to a school with uniforms too, not just saying every dude wore pants and every girl wore skirts in general
That's exactly what she said, but I think she was just trying to distract me while I was getting shots in the butt.
It was still very painful.
This was me.
had to wipe up my puke, carry me to bed.
My best friend made me a puke bucket, held my hair back, didn't make a big deal when I was farting a bunch (sooo much beer).
still jokes about that time I got way too drunk, but it's good-natured fun.
We've all been there.
has to learn that lesson once.
Now you know better.
No, it's clear now.
I believe there is something you should know about the internet!
ooo I was imagining a full ring and you managed to yank the think out, thats some shit
I believe there is something you should know about me.
I'm happily married, need no extra attention, and believe, quite frankly, that you are a dick for assuming every post about breasts is just a woman wanting attention.
this isn't 4chan
I did nearly the same thing, I would always go about the house naked or either in my underwear.
I would have been more mortified, but I didn't care at all because I was 6.
oh my apartment days, I use to walk around with my wiener out all the time.
I would always forget my sliding glass door blinds were open.
My neighbor would always get a show and thankfully she was cool about it.
TIL that redstonenico is ten years old.
sorry...these internet pages all look alike to me!
Still the gentleman makes a valid point...
This actually made me feel a ton better.
I'm sure most people do not mind giving free trials away to friends, you cannot even use them unless you have completely run out.
You made your neighbor's day.
You should feel good about that.
Seen, not personally encountered or had inside of me.
Well if those are pornstars, nearly all of them aren't natural.
Most of the time it's clever camera work or digital enhancement.
I'll admit there may be the odd natural one but the vast majority of the time it isn't natural.
Well, at least you didn't walk outside topless in afghanistan, which is what I first thought happened.
In that case you'd have had to be safely evacuated out of the country.
i agree wit my homie here
So true.
not to be stoned to death for stupidity.
And I'm very sorry for any confusion in the story.
(, the above is you; the author of your pic is just trying to come up with an amusing, faux-intellectual grounding for "tits or gtfo".)
Did you know that it is not illegal for a woman to go topless in public in Maine?
Is this the appropriate time for a Pics or it Did not happen comment?
full-out public nudity is legal in , under certain conditions.
No, however, this IS a good time to complain about the prevalence of people saying "pics or it didn't happen" in reference to incidents involving mammary glands.
Your neighbor wanted your dilly
There exists no such time sir!
I went down to pick up my mail late late one night.
So late so one could possibly be up.
I was wearing an Men's tube sarong and an unbuttoned aloha shirt.
My cat was being whiney so I leashed him up and took him along.
opens up and loads of my neighbors who were all getting out of a long running building government meeting run into me.
They see my naked chest out of an ugly shirt, wearing a "skirt" walking a cat on a leash.
I'm so normal it's boring but no one in my building believes that.
yeah that's what i meant.
when i say "man, that was aaawesome!" i could be talking to someone who isnt a man.
i didn't know those existed :)
bar
Handle your liquor..
knows if youre beer drunk you dont start with rounds of shots...
if youre mixing lol
This is not a unique situation.
Most college kids have been in your shoes at least once before.
Give 'em something like alcohol or delicious baked goodies.
And you're in the clear.
I pulled out a nip piercing on a ladyfriend once.
And then got the honor of re-piercing it in the shower.
It's apparently now possible to survive rabies without the vaccine...but I don't recommend the process...
You have no idea how old this woman is.
She probably looks about as attractive as your mom.
Please don't fuck the parents - there is no way in the world to make the dinner table more awkward.
Pls follow rule 1 and repost.
Keep it at the ready.
i used to work at dairy queen.
Fuck that place
What does that do exactly?
When you see it again, you can spray it to death.
Pretty effective actually.
I'm terrified of the little buggers so I spray them to death from afar.
I hate that you have to pay lawyer fees for something as ridiculous as $.40 and a police officer in a foul mood.
Do you watch dexter i dont know why but when i visualze this i see the charactr who plays dexter
I had to resort to clothing starch spray last night.
I've used before, too.
Wasn't my first time drinking whiskey and beer together however it was my first time drinking rum.
I definitely learned that one more than anything, don't worry :')
Do you think ( spray will work?
What conditions?
Tifu and applied at a Dairy Queen
fun fact: you are never more than 3 feet away from a spider.
except maybe in space.
I never even applied.
I was in there on a friday summer night and it was insanely busy and they were short a few people.
comes over "hey aren't you justin's brother?" "yeah.." "want a job?" "ok" I was 14.
Money sounded good.
well not to mention, that a hymen/vaginal corona can get stretched a number of ways besides sex.
the girl is still a virgin if she's never had a penis in her.
Or 3ft+ off the ground.
not if you are stuck in a web.
Sexual abuse??
something similar hapened to me but it was with my cousin
One of the managers thought he could do whatever the fuck he wanted.
He constantly asked girls about sex..if they shaved their pussy or not..like wtf this guy is like 40 and married.
One time there was a picture of me and my gf at this charity event in the newspaper and I was like "hey look thats me and my gf" and he says "Nice, have you fucked her yet?"
This wouldn't happen to be one in would it?
There was one near that had problems like that.
nope, nowhere near virginia.
Its privately owned too
Dude that guy is fucked up
Did you report him?
Also sorry for that kind of abuse
They got fined up the ass by the state, but we never got him for the sexual harrassment because someone already did before and it just wasn't worth it we were sick of their shit.
So I eventually got fired for "changing the schedule" (I had my sister cover for me one night but it was last-minute so I didn't ask management.
At least I didn't just skip) and my sister got fired for "going to the bathroom too much".
The best part about it?
He was so much of a pussy that he couldn't do it in person.
He fucking called my sister and left HER a voicemail to tell her that she and I were both fired.
YO fuck web weaver.
Women are people.
Not like his blow-up doll.
Wow fuck that guy...
Ouch that's pretty harsh.
Hope the dog gets back too.
OH GOD WHY I JUST THOUGHT OF THEM AND YOU POSTED /tears
And neither do you, so how could you assume that?
I did too.
Agree thurougly.
Boss made sure we didn't even get free ice creams.
same thing in Ohio.
Then it just becomes a big self-fulfilling prophecy to some level when you go "oh god, this one's crazy, too!" Seems unhealthy for everyone.
Edit: genders can be switched.
Just a guy talking from a guy's POV.
THERE IS MORE THAN ONE!!!
grabs bat
Don't remind her of it by asking, kids are pretty resilient unless the message is reinforced.
The next time you see her, don't mention it and find something really cool and fun to do instead.
If she brings it up, tell her they're not real and then change the subject.
i know how to calm her down...
tell her slenderman isn't real.
just like santa claus and the easter bunny.
she'll feel better after that.
Was I the only one to hear the Oscar myers commercial playing in the background while reading this?
being ugly
In I threw up violently all over my friends cream carpet.
I had been drinking red wine.
To make things worse his mother had spent the whole night telling me how wonderful I was for sticking by said friend after a break up with his GF.
They had to get a cleaner in.
OP, say thank you to your husband for me.
love tits!
Out of curiosity, why did you feel the need to include the word flavored before milk bottle?
Tell her "I'm sorry I told you about...
Him.
He is a fake and I thought that you would laugh.
I did something wrong and I scared you.
is not real."
If I'm honest, probably for the sake of imagery.
I was proud of the achievement.
I guess it would have been more impressive with a coke bottle.
That happened to me in 8th grade.
I didn't cut my hair again for 9 years.
why not "milk bottle" or "chocolate milk bottle" though?
I don't think I've ever seen flavored be used in the context of a flavored milk bottle, always the specific flavor or just "milk bottle"
Eh it's possible.
I bought a mixed pack of Durex ones, there were 4 different kinds in there.
3 were fine, but one of them just wouldn't fit, yeah I probably could have stuck my arm in there to stretch out, but there was no rolling it on like it's supposed to.
It felt like it would have cut off circulation to my dick and make it drop off.
I don't have a 14 inch dick, either.
So I'd say OP might be telling the truth.
This is my favourite thing ever.
I'm sorry about your piss pants though.
Our family had like no money at the time, so I was grateful for ANYTHING
Can someone explain to me what is?
I went ahead of myself a little there and forgot to add that all verbs you use in past or future tense when talking about yourself also change depending on your gender.
So when using ingame chat you either reveal your gender sooner or later or have to be very careful not to type in a way that's natural to you.
Yeah, we have a law against any showing of genitals.
That has to be covered.
But men and women can be topless.
Vibes.
In other backpack related fuckery, I once drove six hours to a Super Smash Bros.
Melee tournament on a whim, and accidentally left my backpack full of video games there.
I too need to be enlightened...I'm just not sure I want to be.
No, it's fine.
Incest taboos are somewhat arbitrary, and many cultures permit marriage between cousins.
If someone gives you grief about it, tell them to fuck off.
Well that seems pretty reasonable.
Here's the link to the documentary:
You didn't actually tell them to take their shirt off, it was merely a (not very) witty rejoinder!
That's totally different and entirely okay.
New York too.
Edit:[ legal in quite a few states.](
Still waiting for the obligatory "Pics or it didn't happen" to show up somewhere...
The guy said they had sound and video evidence about 2 minutes in and noped pretty fucking far.
As a future resident of a city on that list you sir have just made my day.
I mean sure, this woman could be hot, but I don't see anything in her story to suggest it, so it seems reasonable to assume that she isn't, since most people aren't.
i, indeed, also walk around naked in my near-all-glass appartment all the time.
i live on the 4th floor and often wonder whether the train passing by, which, altitude-wise has a pretty good vantage point, can see in in any detail.
but then i forget about it because i've lived here for 3 years so what would it matter to change my habits..
until i end up as a youtube montage of course :(
you do realize there's no weight limit on that law?
i just walked into the subreddit (by clicking random!) and this is the 2nd story out of 3 that i have read that alluded to dicks not fitting into places.
yours
the guy who pissed in a milk bottle that he didn't put his dick in because it wouldn't fit.
maybe there is more to this subreddit than the title and description let on.
Just let her read about how poor got that way...
: do not actually show her this.
It would be gasoline on the fire.
Just because it's legal doesn't mean it really happens.
wish it wasnmore.common place.
Aside from the short term thrill, it would be nice for it to be so commonplace that it's no longer shocking.
I went back and watched the rest.
I never really need to sleep again anyway.
Yeah well here's one my ddid back in the day (before cell phones).
Was going to an old friends house to catch up.
Friend and wife were out eating dinner and derping around.
So my who knows where the key is lets himself in and pours himself a drink and waits for them to return home.
When they return home they find him passed out in the middle of their carpeted living room in a pool of his own vomit.
to say he wasn't invited back...
not as it's sometimes used, no.
Well, to be fair, Kash87's mom is pretty hot.
I'm kidding, FYI
DAE get distracted by the guys open shirt?
I can't take him seriously because he looks like he'd star in a softcore porno
Yep you really 100% no questions asked fucked up majorly.
What on earth were you blooming thinking telling an 8yo about -man and showing her the flipping documentary.
I have to ask really considering -man's "usual prey".
Are you mentally retarded?
I mean i know its fake but it still scares the shit out of me.
At last, the answer to the "Who let the dogs out" question.
TL;DR I house sat for a week, everything is broken or dead.
OP, I like your sense of humour.
Also I can sympathise because I've fucked up quite a few house-sittings in the past I'd rather forget about entirely.
How did it turn out?
to shoot at that jerk husband right?
Dude, I did this same exact thing, but I might have been 8.
Well okay.
Hi, mom!
I'm going to have to argue due to the fact that I've been there.
About six years ago, my then-fiancee grabbed some condoms at a gas station because we were staying in a motel.
Those sumbitches HURT.
They were so small and tight that they would leave a ring around the base of my penis after use.
It actually hurt to orgasm with them on.
15 at the oldest.
IM WITH YOU BUDDY DON'T WORRY IF WE'RE GONNA DIE WE DIE TOGETHER
sobs
haha I love when people post stories here and ask for advice.
I used to occasionally drop my penis mid-piss due to both the massive weightof my cock, and the sheer volume of my urine flow, but then I hit the gym and bulked up.
Still have lower back problems because of it though.
she freaked out and promised to ruin my life
Are you sure that's a friendship you want to save?
Don't let people bring you down.
I would have (and have) done the same thing.
When their pets get killed by that cute and cuddly raccoon, they'll have a change of heart.
she threatens to ruin your life and you want to mend things?
agree, get away from that bitch.
can I get a tldr?
You can't buy a few new things along the way?
Time machine?
long armed creature without a face rapes people and kills them, can appear wherever he wants
Any kind of spray will.
, spray-able rubbing alchohol, etc
On a related note, my first vehicle was a manual.
One day, I was backing out of the garage, and for some reason, it took a burst of speed.
I ended up shooting backward along the side of a small tree.
By the time I was able to get my car to stop, the tree was staring at me through my window and I couldn't open my door.
They'll never let me live that down.
Is it just me, or does look exactly like (pre-v mask edition)
Too late.
Would lead to drunken threesome as OP-prime breaks in on OP as sexytimes commence.
even close to a suggestion on how to fix this one.
You told her you wanted her, got some, then said the next day you didn't want her.
She's understandably pissed, but you guys should probably just part ways.
It took me a long time to figure out I was supposed to read it right to left
You got into this drunk, you need to get out the same way.
Not pornstars, just guys.
You wouldn't believe how eager some guys are to flash you their junk.
It's weird.
sauce pls never saw that one
Here's my best guess.
After you lied to her (I'm sorry, but you did) and fooled around with her, she has every right to be pissed.
If the roles were reversed, I'm sure you would have been angry with her for deceiving you and giving you false hope.
You have to remember, though: people say rash, crazy things when they feel angry or threatened.
Giving it a while to blow over is pretty much all you can do, unfortunately.
If nothing else has happened in that amount of time that is detrimental to your friendship, then reach out a little.
Don't make excuses.
Accept the blame, because it is your fault.
At the same time, however, try and help her understand that you can't just change how you feel.
If you don't want to be with her, you don't want to be with her.
Let her know that you still want to be friends, and you're willing to give her however long she needs to get over it.
I had something similar happen myself a couple of months ago.
I'm not gonna lie; it was tough.
It actually took a couple of months to repair the rift in our friendship.
We're not as close now as we used to be, but we're still comfortable talking and hanging out together from time to time-not alone, but with mutual friends.
In fact, I'm best friends with her current boyfriend.
Anyway, my point is: you did fuck up, but that's human.
She's human too, and she's capable of understanding.
Give it time.
TL;DR Go fuck yourself if you don't want to read all of my advice.
is fine now.
He's not blaming me for anything.
The birds are being removed by wildlife rescue, pump is fine, and everything Else is good I guess
You don't even get karma for self posts.
Great, now teach her to play guitar, synth and maybe more instruments.
Then fuck up again and introduce drugs to her.
And BAM, we have a new progressive-psychedelic rock star!
I've just found out the slenderman.
The documentary is fake and gay, but still entertaining.
I'm a guy and i wouldn't randomly flash my junk to anyone.
Either you live in an odd area or guys are much more fucked up than in .
You have to remember, though: people say rash, crazy things when they feel angry or threatened.
also when they want to get laid though!
Not in person, but I don't doubt the guys around here are worse.
People in general, really.
Ahhh, the south.
You don't get link karma.
You do get comment karma.
Yes I know that, I mean you don't get karma for the post itself.
Only one solution, kill her.
Ah, the one sided story making the other person out to be the crazy one.
I'll bet you that the OP is just as bad as he makes out the girl to be.
douche I say, fooling around with a girl, saying you want to be with her, then changing your mind the next day.
What an asshole.
Dont worry, next time you'll think twice because you know what happens.
Beer before liquor - never sicker
Liquor before beer - in the clear
I have been in a similar situation, sadly you are too far down the rabbit hole to just "fix" things.
Either you need time away from this person or to start a failing relationship
You really got me with the TL;DR.
Why is she crazy?
If anything, OP is at fault here.
him she'll make him regret it sounds nuts to me.
How old is the student?
All I could think about was how I wish they had their daughter in something other than a jersey, ball cap, and an androgynous haircut.
Not my greatest moment...
Just talk, inform her of your wishes, and above all apologize to her.
You did wrong her, and need to fix that.
Nice try, girl from post.
We're onto you.
I'm 15 but to you that doesn't matter.
Oh yeah, didn't read that.
Yeah, that's pretty screwed up, but so is sleeping with someone who is deeply romantically attracted to you while you share no such feelings.
At least Reddit will always be there for me when I need to be reminded that I'm unoriginal.
run very far.
it's honestly probably the time it happens the most.
Non-human humanoid entity with unknown power can retrieve prey from almost any circumstance, can seemingly teleport.
He is described as having a long slender torso, disportional limbs, a lack of facial features and often wearing a suit.
No bodies are ever found.
Edit: clarification
TIL that redstonenico is an internet tough guy and shouldn't be messed with.
"Look out everybody, redstonenico is pissed!!"
Tell her she shouldn't take things seriously that were poked at her in fun.
Then never speak to her again, she's a nut.
Yeah, it seems pretty convenient the way OP makes it out be like "oh, I don't know what happened, I just miraculously told her exactly what she wanted to hear!
How to fix this?
Next time don't lie to a good friend just to get in her pants.
Let her go; she deserves better friends.
Not true, at least for me.
I do get more drunk and quicker if I switch to liquor or mix liquors.
Puking has no correlation for me on what I drank first, and I've heard this from many of my buddies from back in college
My advise would be to stand outside of the bathrooms and wait and see what one the student comes out of.
That's a true bummer for both of you.
Ha, that nurse is awesome :)
That is solid advice.
There is only one bathroom.
i am an ass.
and i accept that.
but no situation is one-sided.
Turns out the sound evidence is a tape that just sounds like bullshit.
I laughed :/ can't be a real thing
My heart just sank for you.
Maybe you could organize a friendly game of tag?
Boys against girls?
after 7 hours and some help, we managed to get her to jump back into her pen, only to have her immediately jump out as the door swung close.
another 20 minutes and we got her in safe and sound.
what a day.
Do you realize I don't care about a weight limit?
you take your debit card and withdraw out all of your money.
Drug her up and throw her inside your car.
Plant your card on her and drive the car into a lake.
Punch yourself in the face to get a couple bruises.
Cops ask what happened you say that she got pissed off, stole your car and money and you haven't seen her since.
If they ask for an alibi you say you were sadly masturbating on your couch.
They won't investigate further.
it makes you more sick because beer helps any alcohol in your stomach to reach the blood stream quicker through carbonation.
first of all, you indeed fucked up.
2nd, try showing her this:
maybe she would understand it's a joke.
or just tell her you tried making her laugh, and he is not real?
I've done this before, it sucks.
.kcohs erutluc
How do you grow to adulthood without mastering this skill?
Unless your a recent MTF you should be blisteringly drunk.
Yeah, the guy posting in 'Today I Fucked Up' is totally not taking any of the blame.
Maybe she was having some kind of PTSD flashback?
The screaming and running is not normal.
age of person in military: 28
age of person on reddit: 21
age of first childbirth in US: 25
I doubt it's a coincidence.
originated on /x/.
That wasn't what I'm saying at all...
but whatever makes you happy.
I'LL MISS YOU AND YOUR MOMS COOKING SKILLS DAMN THOSE MONSTERS
agree, girl isn't an idiot either.
i like your creativity, but..
i'm not going to ask you for any advice in these situations.
Still peeing his pants?
younger than 15.
She isn't worth it.
You didn't fuck up, you just discovered that what you thought was a friend actually wasn't.
Also doesn't matter had sex.
i never said she was.
i feel terrible for what i did to her.
hence "TIFU"
[Actual photo of me, to finally stop the theorizing](
no, i mean, she isn't an idiot and therefore can think ahead a little too and shouldn't take your words for gospel.
Pulled that one off.
Wait until you forget to wash your hands after making the poppers and proceed to take out your contacts.
The world needs more men like you.
Eww
At least someone else has gone through this.
As the girlfriend of a I can verify that we just can't say "sixth" properly.
At all.
I say "sicth", and get made fun of every time.
I thought this said drop kicked my dick.
Spent several minutes trying to get a visual of how this would be possible.
sob I ALWAYS SECRETLY LIKED YOUR SISTER I JUST THOUGHT ID LET YOU KNOW
All help we can provide is confirm that you're stupid.
a little kid a creepy thing which confirmed it's effectiveness with even grown people.
If you want to dig a deeper grave, show her The Hush episode from buffy.
Change your name to roule move to mexico buy a bar and if you ever see her again speak random spanish till she goes away.
Ok, so all the shots I had in the emergency room were clear.
I just went for the next shot in the treatment at the pharmacy and that one was hot pink.
I wonder why it's that crazy of a color?
I don't think he wants to fix the friendship but his life
well, she usually loves like ghosts and zombies and scary stories, so I figured she'd be fine with this.
I was wrong.
False rape allegation in 5...
I scrolled back up and read the whole thing like a good boy, I have the whole thing by heart
ohh sorry about the misunderstanding...lesson learned though, don't get drunk around someone who likes you and is also incredibly inebriated.
I went and fucked myself...
Save the money you earn by working those two jobs and move out.
If your parents are dicks and try to keep the money tell them you earned it and that they can get violated by a horse.
My toilet and sink are really close together, so I can quite happily sit and shit, and puke with my chin resting on the edge of the sink.
Happy days.
It does sound like it was a toxic relationship, if they were both cheating and such.
I don't think you caused the breakup so much as just gave it a nudge.
As far as his choice to turn to drugs, you can't take that on yourself.
We are talking about a grown ass man here.
What you can do is be there for him as a friend, try to talk him down.
He's in pain and reacting badly.
A good friend would attempt to help him turn that around.
Do notice I said "attempt".
Here's one: Don't be such a selfish jerk next time.
Yeah, I just wish that he hadn't taken it as badly as he did.
Right I guess.
I could -attempt- to try and talk him down, but the main reason why I didn't tell him straight last night that I caused all this is that he is a pretty big, angry guy.
still when he's tweaking.
I mean I'm 6'3/6'4 and just under 200 pounds, this guy is at least half a foot taller and built like a brick shithouse.
I'm pretty damn scared of both losing a friend who's been around for me in the past as well as having 7 shades beaten out of me.
I had a really similar experience really recently, however i did not concede to a relationship, and told her the day after we hooked up that i wasn't looking to date her.
This friend you speak of here seems a lot less reasonable.
be crazy.
This is the advice my father gave to me a long time ago.
While it's technically one-sided, it's not like the OP is making himself out to be the good guy.
He's posting in TIFU, so he knows he's done wrong.
did he say she's the crazy one, though what she said at the end is a bit crazy, it was caused by OP's assholery, which he admits.
Where'd he say this?
Seems like he's blaming himself entirely.
And now he is destroying himself with drugs because he can't cope without the girl he was cheating on?
Fuck, my brain hurts.
Be more assertive bro, you aren't in the wrong.
I don't see any benefit to you "fessing up", unless it comes up from some other direction.
There is such a thing as too much honesty, at times.
That doesn't mean you can't set a time to sit down and talk to him about your concerns.
Maybe offer some ideas on ways to deal with that kind of pain/rage other than outright self destruction?
Very true, I just feel vile that I lied to the guy, who is pretty clearly heartbroken.
i see no fuckup in this
.tsomlA
As I said in another reply, being assertive and confessing to him will probably end up with my head getting kicked in.
If ever I do tell him that I did it, I wanna do it when he's sober, calm, and a long time from now.
then he won't flip his shit as badly as he would at this moment.
EDIT: But yeah, you hit the nail on the head there mate.
The most interesting drinker in the world
So you want to tell him and apologize to make yourself feel better?
First, work on that.
Oh fuck, well your options are pretty limited then.
Well maybe don't be assertive then..
hit the gym for a couple of weeks then be assertive, I kid I kid.
But seriously, it doesn't seem like you have many options if this guy is being aggressive and stubborn.
If he has half a brain left he will realise soon enough that what he is doing is counter-productive and will not benefit him emotionally in regards to losing this chick.
As for your role in all of this I would personally stay in contact with him, try and prove that the friendship between you two means something and that you slipped up by accident.
I would also express my worries towards his drug use but not in an assertive way, just from a friends-standpoint.
What does his family think of him abusing his body with meth and speed?
Does he have any kind of relationship with them?
Thats like something bart would said when calling moes tavern
It's japanese translated.
I've always wondered why they don't just mirror the image before translating :/
maybe you dont send your kid to camp if she is terrified of water
Error in communication there, my bad, I'm not prioritising self-pity myself over a friend's suffering by any stretch of the imagination.
I want to tell him the truth, I want him to get out of this hole and I want to help him to do so.
, I'm trying to figure how one does that with the best of intentions in this situation without incurring utter hatred.
MAN UP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP MAN UP
She is making threats because she feels stupid and humiliated.
In her eyes you used her and she is a fool for having let herself get caught up in it.
You need to talk to her and make it clear that you are sorry that you took advantage of her obvious feelings in a moment of weakness.
Make it clear to her that you will never do this again and that you are sorry.
I really enjoyed it too.
I dislike slasher horror so this was a nice breath of psychological fresh air for me.
But it is understandable.
She feels humiliated.
people say things in anger that they don't mean when they have been messed around
That's a bit harsh to say that.
Not all women who have been wronged head to the police!
Thanks for the input, seriously.
I'd have no idea how to express to him that I didn't do any of it to hurt him otherwise.
I will have to try and talk to him about the drugs as a friend, I'm sure I'm not the only one who knows him who is worried about it.
I don't really know his family so I couldn't say.
I know that he does still live with his parents and younger brothers, though he is seeking to move out.
I guess they'd have to find out in time, one way or another.
How they will react to it and if they will try and have a hand in him stopping is not for me to say.
One way, as I earlier alluded to, is to help him find other ways to cope with the overpowering emotions.
Some people use physical activity, others write blogs.
For some, therapy works.
Or, even watching stupid comedies can help.
Don't underestimate the value of a good belly laugh.
So yeah, figure out an idea that might work for his personality type, and invite him maybe.
Could be that he simply needs to go out and get laid?
I've seen that help in some cases.
Watch (
You'll never sleep again.
But watch it anyway.
It's pretty shitty "evidence".
It just seems a real shame that someone is taking such a, from what I've read, shit experience in a relationship to heart.
I know that it can be real difficult breaking up but this dude was so flippant about it he was poking other chicks so I can't wrap my head around why he is taking it so badly.
I will say it speaks volumes about your character that you are standing by him and actively seeking out a safe method of deactivating this volatile situation.
So dealing with your friend on stims, and with him being emotional / aggressive, must be difficult too and I respect you for not just ditching him.
His problem definitely isn't going out and getting laid right now.
In all seriousness though, yeah I see where you're coming from.
He has his music, so he might be able to self-medicate with that already.
That's a bit harsh to say that.
Not all women who have been wronged head to the police!
I don't recall saying all women file false rape allegations.
I am saying that if she really wanted to ruin his life, that'd be a good place to start.
She'll probably cool off soon, hate him forever, and never actually try to hurt him (through false accusation or some other means).
You'd have to know the guy to get to our level of understanding (I say that because we are all dumbfounded as to why he stayed with her all this time).
He never complained to her about the way she treated him, he never told us very much of the crap he was taking either, obviously seeing something we can't.
Either I or others would just watch or overhear things go to shit between them time and time again, and somehow he'd always want to get her back.
I feel like a coward to tell you the truth.
I won't go into stories but she ended up losing both her kids who are near to my age, and dealt with 5 years of jail-time for the whole thing.
She's one of the reasons why I'm cautious of some of my friends habits at least.
Cheers though man, I really appreciate the sentiment.
Kinda sounds like a case of one-sided story if you ask me.
If he really liked her that much he wouldn't of cheated on her, no matter what the situation was.
or maybe they're both douchebags.
One thing my dad taught me and I believe to this day is that once you are at this point and they are pushing you the only thing you can do is push back harder.
Don't ever let this maniac control you.
Don't feel like a coward, by talking about this and mulling over what route to take you are doing the right thing.
A coward would just fall back, take the blame and allow their friend to hold the upper-hand even if they are wrong.
You are being strong by holding onto the very vital fact that you are still in the right, all of these negative situations are manifesting from a simple mistake after all.
If anyone is to blame it is the bitch who blabbed to his ex-girlfriend not you.
If I go to question him when he is having a rough time he will shrug it off or say "it doesn't matter" when we both know that is the polar opposite to the reality of the situation.
My friend however deserves no sympathy and neither do I, I was just desperate so I hung around with douchebags who would sell me down the river for their next fix.
I wasn't much better really.
This guy would be the kind of person who would invite me over, we'd chill until I've smoked all my weed / given him some Xanax then he'd chuck me out.
Or if I was round and he got a call from a different friend he would send me home, very demeaning.
He also rang me up on asking for money that I had already paid back.
I ended up in hospital shortly after, unrelated, and he got my parents to pay him.
That was more than enough to realise he was a sick bastard.
I'm sorry to hear about your cousin, I can't even begin to imagine how taking jail time and losing your children would affect a person.
over drugs.
Edit: sorry if any of this post is incoherent; it is coming up to 2am and I'm feeling pretty lethargic.
i'm trying to keep it between just her and i, but she's telling everyone she can so that she can destroy my reputation and my other friendships beyond repair.
Hey, everyone poops.
, I think you should tell him that the jokes are more humiliating than comforting.
All in all, you can find comfort in that his 'jokes' are his way of trying to console you, and that he wasn't avoiding contact after the incident.
This guy Lo Lahuah ha ( you.
He has his reasons, and I think being the weaker man that I would have done the same or just hopped it sooner of my own volition.
Damn, that's eerily similar to the way it is/was with B.
One minute he'd feel horrible owing either to one of the myriad arguments or rough patches and then suddenly he'd be right as rain and going all gooey for her again.
He would deny anyone's questioning on how they both felt or were doing as far as I knew, shrugging it off with 'just fine''s and such.
It'd only be when they really kicked off at each other that he'd say anything.
I understand, but you at least seem like a stand-up person now on my end.
He sounds like a complete fuckwit, I know of several people who follow exactly the same tendencies.
One of them I know sold his girlfriend's (Who is also a pretty close friend of mine) bass guitar for Ket/Meow money then dumped her on the spot not a day later.
Yeah I am too.
Her father (My uncle) didn't often do much to fit the father figure description, and coupled with other family issues it led her down that path.
She gets to see them now and again though, and from what I've heard is also completely clean of it all these days.
If he is that fucking stupid he gets everything he deserves.
Just don't let him drag YOU down.
If he is that stupid for turning to heavy drugs, he had a problem before this and you just didn't see it.
I'm sure it wasn't healthy for him so you, inadvertently lol, did him a favour by getting him out of there.
So take care of yourself, and your friend, and even though we have a very tenuous link if you want to talk more about it feel free to message me (:
Well I sure hope he does clean up eventually, I've seen and lost friends before who've spiraled out into progressively harder and harder stuff.
We can all hope.
Over here too haha, but I have no real need to be up before 4PM tomorrow so I'll hang around for a while.
I'll definitely drop you a line if need be mate :)
You seriously just made me chuckle like a madman to myself.
Hats off to you sir...
I agree, whole-heartedly,
But "assholery", I couldn't control myself for a full ten minutes I was laughing too hard
and seems like a good place to ask or help about this or even
I LOVED YOU YOU CRAFTED A DOOR INTO MY HEART!!
AND NOW YOU LOVE MY SISTER LIKE SOME KIND OF WHORE!
Why in the hell did he stay with her so long?
The drugs and drinking is fucking up all their judgements too.
I'd explain that the list of 'why L is a terrible person' is going to be longer than the total length of snortlines and cocks outside of his she's sucked.
IM SORRY BUT DAMN IT'S NOT
MY FAULT YOUR SISTER WAS BORN SO PRETTY!
BUT THATS NOT MY IMPORTANT RIGHT NOW
HES RIGHT THERE BEHIND YOU!!!
AGGGHHH!
weeps and pleads to not to hurt us
Hell, I left pretty early on last night because not only him but a few others started taking heavy stuff, and I wanted none of it.
I'm not worried about getting dragged down.
As for prior issues, I don't know if he had any.
I'm fairly sure that others would try to cope similarly when faced with the sheer amount of shit he endured for the 2-3 years he was with her.
There yo go man, wipe you hands of it.
Stay his friend, but don't take his shit either.
Just move away and find new friends.
Your not gonna convince him to stop doing drugs and if you tell him the truth you will probably get killed.
So it's a waste of time.
Or stay in college and move on with yourself and tell this guys parents that there son is a drug addict and needs help.
It isn't your fault he turned to meth over it man.
That girl was just a manipulative bitch, and she got caught in the clutches.
Talk to him about his decisions with drugs, and explain that if he really wants to self medicate stick with the green.
But it isn't your fault, if he didn't want her to know he cheated on her he shouldn't have.
I hope he learns not to date someone that makes you want to cheat on them.
I wish you guys would use a picture or two
So, let him be none-the-wiser and find a new friend that isn't such a bitch about it.
He cheated.
He's a fuck.
Yeah...if you can afford to go on holiday you can afford to buy a 6 pack of Hanes tee shirts.
I had a lot of trouble getting through it, the horror/suspense was killing me the whole time.
Edit: I don't take horror well...
I'm definitely going to have trouble sleeping
Some men just want to see the world drunk.
You probably shouldn't have told her the morning-after.
Your fuck-up was a drop in an ocean of other peoples' fuck-ups.
This was bound to happen sooner or later since the frayed threads of that relationship were only held together by a lack of communication.
First, you shouldn't stick your nose in someone else's relationships in general.
, You are in no way responsible for his horrifically abusive and messed up relationship OR his use of drugs.
You are not his mother, you are not his therapist, you are not responsible for the choices he makes.
If you were, he'd have broken up with B a long time ago.
You are not responsible for B b/c he chose do Meth.
If the break up with truly inevitable then your actions were only a small factor.
You were not the catalyst.
She's not going to ruin your life.
I'm a girl, I know.
She's pissed, understandably.
You fucked her (literally and figuratively) and she's going to hate you for a long, long time.
The best you can do is let it blow over, and if you're lucky, you'll be okay in some time.
But you most likely just lost a friend.
Don't be that guy.
Don't do this again.
I have only read your title but I can tell you that no one 'turns' anyone to drugs.
People make their own choices.
You can't bear their burdens.
Don't tell him.
He did the cheating, he did the drugs.
You can't blame yourself for the bad choices your friends make.
THIS IS IT WE WON'T DIE DOING WHAT IT WANTS INTERNATIONAL GAY PARTY COMMENCE!
YEEEAAA!!
GIVE ME THAT ASS!
MMM HMMM!
takes shirt off and dances wildly while fapping in front The
This post has been removed as it is a violation of rule #1 in the sidebar:
Feel free to repost it with a fixed title.
We should have kept you tied in our basement ...
, I'm not sure that's even possible.
Wouldn't pissing have taken much longer?
I guess it's possible if you REALLY had to go, but normally the value to your urethra is closed when you have a boner.
If you have this problem frequently, you should see a urologist.
I hope it took as long for you to type that out as it did for me to read.
One-sided story.
One side is able to make things up out of thin air.
You don't know if she really said what he said she said at the end.
That's the point.
Lawyer up, hit the gym.
I'd just give her time to cool off and if she's good enough of a friend you two can smooth it over.
Then, go from there about her feeling towards you.
I agreed that it is one sided.
Yeah, sure, we don't know if she really said that.
We don't know if anything really happened.
Why believe one thing but not the other?
You know that.
Yeah my friends was just that touch too far :(
to the mods and whoever the heck created this thing.
You are all scholars and gentlemen/ladies
Jesus, if you're going to go that far up the cause and effect chain then why not go the whole hog: it's your parents fault for giving birth to you!
challenge revised!
Then suddenly OP-prime-prime.
TO BE CONTINUED.
This is one of the best new subs to pop up recently, so thank you kind sirs and madams.
Here's to more people fucking up in major ways so that they have an interesting story to tell!
Thank you all for helping us get this subreddit up and running.
I was/am shocked at how fast this has grown.
Thanks for helping take off.
The rest of the mods and I really appreciate it.
And of course a big thank you to that poor soul who showered with his socks on and inspired this whole thing.
Keep up the good work.
I vaguely remember the thread that started this sub.
I never thought it would take off like this.
So glad it did!
Good job all.
it, as it still seems to be up.
Keep up the good work, mods!
Just dont fuck it up like did.
YEAH HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT?!
Faps and cums everywhere
edit is to say this: boy that escalated quickly
So it's likely that, if it did happen, what the op said he did was true (but not the whole truth), but what he said the girl did was not (entirely).
psychology man, psychology.
heavy beat kicks in UNCEUNCEUNCEUNCE I AM SO FUCKIN HARD RIGHT NOW.
He DID tell us the parts we disapprove of in him, and those parts were worse than the bits we would disapprove of in her.
yeah its simple.
kill her
Man up and tell her parents.
They'll be in (I dearly hope and pray) the best position to counter your deed.
Use 'em for working around the house.
(shrug) It's what I do...
Maybe she emptied her anal glands ...
On your hand ...
This is not your fault.
You didn't fuck up anything.
I suggest you xpost this with .
They will second my opinion.
And give you a different view on this.
Drugs fuck up a lot and unfortunately the effects ripple badly to the people around that person.
You are clear minded and it suck because you are the one who has to feel, while they space out.
Keep yourself in order, and your chin up.
If you feel you want to help, do it.
But remember that you can only help others if you help yourself first.
If you need to talk, pm me.
That is a distinct possibility.
"Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver last night..."
thing said on TV before cable.
get a piece of string and a bead and tell her it wards off bad creatures.
we did this with a cousin of mine when some stupid shit let her watch the freddy kreuger movies
So..you like unattractive porn...
More details.
How and where did you lose this stuff?
Maybe it's not beyond recovery.
You're still outta the will...
Shit-for-brains.
You didn't turn him to drugs.
He chose to deal with his internal pain through ridiculously dangerous external methods.
just to clear things up, we didn't actually have sex.
we just spent the night cuddling and kissing.
Tbh you took a shitty situation and made it worse.
If you had confronted your friend in private and told him what you and your friends thought about her, what you saw happening, and that she had been cheating...
well, then you might have done something positive.
If not, when he cheated that would've been an amazing chance to pull him over when he's sober and go "Dude, you cheated, you can't love her that much and she's horrible to you."
you played the passive aggressive, backhanded, drama-whore game and you fucked shit up.
Man up to it and be totally honest with what happened or your friend might just kill himself with all those drugs, and that would be in part your fault.
METH IS SPEED, FUCKASS
How do you know what your family was doing?
Were they making almost-waking-up noises in response to your almost-throwing-up noises?
weird part is that i was an alcoholic for months and ever since it happened, i've had no desire to drink.
not even for just fear that i might do something else, but because i just don't need to anymore to get through the days.
Should we be allowed to ask for TIFU requests?
Sort of like IAMA does it?
Also, there really isn't anything besides that, this is a cool sub we have, I like it :)
Thank you for notifying us when you report, it really makes our job easier.
, I can't remove it because he can just as easily approve it.
This is the problem when dealing with power-hungry mods like canipaybycheck.
I've tried messaging the admins so they can permanently delete it, but I haven't gotten a response.
lol, so you'd be asking people to fuck up and then write about it?
I always use baking cocoa for hot chocolate...
you do have to add a smidge of sugar though.
No, I mean if anyone had done it before.
I'm not gonna ask people "to throw your mom's kindle in a lake" hilarious that would be #3232;#3232;
It's sort of like "If it's happened to you, why not share the story.
I suppose it wouldn't really be TIFU, it would be I Fucked Up and Want to Tell You About It!
Ninja edit: would vs.
wouldn't
You should make a IFUAWTTYAI subreddit then
LETS DO THIS!
SLENDER RAGE
Don't lie about how you feel in order to stick your dick in.
Here I was thinking it was going to be a story about $20,000 worth of damage :(
I'm not trying to be a bitch here, but how do you feel about her telling your friends?
Pissed off?
Cuz that's probably how she feels.
You can always talk to your friends and smooth things over.
Be glad she did not run to the police with some bullshit rape story.
It could be worse is all I'm saying.
How dare he abuse his power like that!
How dare you speak ill of me within the walls of my subreddit!
###BANNED!
I've had the same problem for a while now.
Just explain to them that you are VERY sorry for the issue with putting your report in on time.
If they push the issue tell them it is a private matter.
Inform them that you will ensure that you will get the report in time next time.
Later, have a freek out session in the toilets there.
TIFU: made a subreddit that got popular, now I have 20 000 people to look after
I had a friend that not but 4 days ago was in this exact same situation.
It was really weird, cops found him in a ditch.
From what he can remember, his girlfriend broke up with him, and he lost his job.
So he ended up going to this party and getting smoked up.
After that some guys brought out a shit ton of hard drugs.
He said he did cocaine and meth for sure.
He wasn't sure what else he took.
I think the cops said something about mdma and benzos.
The cops found him the next morning and called his parents.
He can't go out anymore, and I feel slightly bad for the guy, but my friends and I saw it coming and tried to stop it.
4 of us sat him down and told him he had to chill out or we would tell his parents he smoked (this is a huge deal in Texas, and he's 17).
Guess he didn't listen
YOU ARE THE FUCK UP OF THE WEEK, 7/01/12 !
imagining what will happen if we cross 100,000 ...
So...did he get banned?
Start to mock the influx of new users, reap karma
No, I was kidding.
naaah ..
we are good as it is.
Is there a part 2?
There is no way you are ever alone :).
If you ever feel like you need to talk about anything, just shoot me a message mkay?
Even if its about random stuff.
over the internet is a great way to help recovery for anxiety.
that looked pretty convincing.
I have prepared for this moment.
Today we didn't fuck up
shit just got real
It certainly did.
I typed it in normal first, then I read and typed letter for letter from the right to the left.
Now you know the secret recipe!
Pass it on!
You're pure evil!
Yeah, so much better than nesquik.
More like equal parts sugar though, for me!
Not sure how you fucked up besides sounding like a pretentious liberal.
I don't think you have the guts
I don't know why I expected anything different
I lost it at "touched her booty hole".
She is trying to get to everyone before you do.
But you can repair this relationship if you are patient and don't get angry.
Leave it for a bit and don't retaliate and try to reason with her.
Ah fair enough, I thought you meant that any girl who was wronged falsely cries rape
and now Layla won't look me in the eye.
Aww, she feels violated!
tenderly strokes 's suit
She probably is worrying about 50 other little things.
If your work is good, your probably OK.
I like how this is your only comment in two and a half months.
You gotta put sugar in, bro.
I heard somebody getting up, but then they just got back in bed.
I could hear this because I have squeaky mattresses.
I can honestly say that has happened to me.
If you can imagine - two girls (she and I both had our noses pierced), rolling face, making out violently in a club.
Our rings got hooked and mine flew across the dance floor never to be seen again.
That sounds like something I'd do, without a doubt.
Did you come up with a cool story for how you injured the ankle?
Or, did you go with the truth and provide comic relief for your coworkers?
You only have one eye?
To make chocolate milk, put a teaspoon or so of cocoa in a cup, add a very small amount of very hot water, stir to dissolve in water.
Add a tiny dash of salt, a good amount of sugar, and fill up with milk and stir.
Enjoy.
There a joke about a challenge in here somewhere but I daren't spell it out...
Just making sure.
I used to have a large group of friends like this.
Thanks for reminding me about why I'm mostly ok with being much more of a loner now.
I know it sounds so fake.
The pictures ad videos look fake.
The Idea that he looks tree like is to freak people out in the woods at night.
It really is stupid, but it freaked me out still
It seems like it's still up.
Oh well, I reported it.
Lol, I'm all about the comic relief.
I'd much rather make people laugh than have them think how cool I am.
my wife would have laughed at me
I wonder what OP thinks hot chocolate is actually made of?
Dirt.
The stuff they give you at the hospital is immunoglobulin to stop the initial infection.
I'm about 95% sure that's why.
The subsequent shots were all hot pink for me.
I have no idea why that is necessary, but it's totally bizarre.
You are D, I assume.
"you're always in my penis too" I don't think its possible to try to justify that as it came out wrong haha
I don't want to sound like a perv.
well, you failed your mission.
from AZHT?
For some reason I read 'drove' instead of 'dove'.
Which made the story quite anti-climactic.
your
what a shitty situation
Well, don't feel to bad about it man.
It was nothing like the fuck up that I did due to procrastination.
I was supposed to be testing out the database applications we were doing on a copy of the company's financial database.
Long story short, I felt that it could wait, and continued to play Quake Live on the companies bandwidth.
The dat came to implement the new software, I fucked up by not testing it on a non production database, lost 20 years of financial data and customer data.
to say I didn't get unemployment also.
Learn from your mistakes.
Now, if I have a project that I am gave a timeline to, that shit is finished the day its handed to me which in turn gives me more time to 'make sure' nothing will fuck up.
Ohh boy...
I was going to say, I've done the same.
But shit, I've never fucked up like that.
If she keeps talking to you, she's a keeper.
yore
YEAP!
whos this?
pulls out a bong and some weed
Better than ?
While he did in fact tell us parts we disapprove of, there is no way of knowing that that is all (and it's likely that he left parts out).
Can you not comprehend that sentence?
You're being biased.
You really don't understand what I'm saying at all, do you?
Go do some research on One Sided in .
Google for psychology of one sided stories or something.
Maybe read this:
psychology man, psychology.
Try and learn, don't just shrug it off and assume you already know what's what.
With that mentality you're bound to fail unless you have somebody giving you everything you want.
I'm not on their too often these days, unless I'm trying to make people angry.
I think we've met a couple times at meets.
If she keeps talking to you, she's a keeper.
Or she's desperate.
My female friend would like to ask if it tasted like brownies.
I am not sure what would push her away.
It could be your sour body, or that you seem to always have her in your penis.
Edit No offense, but this is what I feel like I am reading when I look at your text message:
"My dear, wonderous mistress.
I was not able to obtain a single ounce of sleep last night, for I fear the absence of your affection...
So be lyk I wuntz yew in meh, butts mi body sour as hellz yo.
Buh lik3 u be all up in me grillz and donw wit little roben hewd below"
I figure it would be more funny that I dove into a pool that was about 6" deep than it would be to drive my car into it.
Oh, well, different strokes for different folks.
The problem with your message wasn't that you were lewd.
It's that you tried too hard.
"baby" "lmao" DON'T USE THAT CRAP.
At best, "baby" is an uncreative pet name.
At worst, it's sleazy.
The only way you should use "baby" is if you want to, for humor's sake, invoke the idea of being creepy.
"lmao" is just laughing at your own joke.
Spell "sore" correctly and you're fine.
Then, if she doesn't respond to your joke, don't apologize.
Either progress the conversation in a normal fashion or take the joke further.
you're more comfortable with.
Just be cool, y'know?
This should explain:
ugh why can't people just come up with fake names.
Lana, Brad.
there you go.
, if your boss is actually perceptive, she probably expected this based on your past tardiness.
She reply back; said she doesn't care.
We've got a mutual friend that would probably love to photograph the occasion.
I like this.
Yore.
Fuck baking cocoa, use bacon.
If I get it right it wasn't your fault?
If it was a crosswalk then you had the right of way, which means it wasn't your fault.
After about two weeks, I realized the combo I had accidentally built
C-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-cumbo breaker!
Had to have broke one of the pins
Dude, it's really not your fault.
he isnt snorting ketamine because of you
oh shut up i'll fix it
I remember being something like the 50th .
I usually do the same thing with the word "nigger".
I work with a lot of black people.
I have since stopped using the aforementioned word.
She's going to tell the police you raped her.
That makes you cool in my book.
Now what?
that was my plan all along and you fell for it!
"Honey don't move, i need to get the camera" haha
So now you've touched the feces of another species.
Lovely.
Why would you get so mad at that?
It's just a small slip up if anything
:( This story made me sad for you.
I was raised on a farm.
It's nothing new.
I have had skin to poo contact with hogs, sheep, chickens, ducks, geese, and peacocks.
And now a dog.
Thank you for sharing your abject humiliation for our amusement.
More clarification please?
I absolutely LOVE shit stories.
Gets me laughing every time.
at least you weren't a marathon runner that had it happen in the middle of a race.
That might have at least been an exuse.
All I have is gas.
shit is so itchy, so god dang itchy
seriously, just go get new clothes...
that shit is never coming out.
well...your repertoire is quite varied.
You don't have to tell me.
I had to sit through a 3 hour lecture with it all over my body.
Did you get fired?
Former smoker of 7 years here: Where the hell are you from where cigarettes are only 5 dollars?!
still...
pictures of you with shit down your leg haven't been posted online for all to see.
Dude, that's harsh.
story, made my night.
In before shitty jokes.
I applaud your sensible solution to this dilemma.
this was .
their obesity and nordic surliness absorbed 15 HP of damage.
the guy on the far right, their Jarl, did not even spill his drink.
I did have the bags, but there really was no place where I could go without running the extreme risk of being seen.
It was a line-of-sight nightmare, a busy time of day, and the two enormous dogs with me did attract a lot of attention.
It wasn't going to happen without me unwittingly flashing someone.
Well, that's appropriate...this experience made me sad for me.
I wish dogs could talk to us and understand that we have to poop, and then bark into their dogradios for like 70 stray dogs to form a pooping wall around us.
And then we will poop in safety.
It's happened to all of us...or maybe just us two.
I misread your title and thought you drove into your kids' inflatable pool.
I was disappointed.
But that's still unfortunate for you, and I wish you a speedy recovery.
From the title, I thought it was going to be more idiotic, like you purposefully doing a swan dive into a kiddie pool.
But it was really just a careless accident.
That would have been so awesome!
If only such a thing were possible, and had happened, I would gladly post the video.
In reality, aside from the inability to talk or listen, dogs are really not helpful when you're trying to cop a covert squat.
(I was a hiker at one time, so this wasn't my first outdoor ass-rodeo.).
They've got to get right up in your space, sniffing, maybe stepping in the worst place possible.
I even once was walking my dog in the woods off leash, and I had to take a leak.
I walk a few paces off the trail and go between two trees; all of a sudden, my best buddy comes streaking out of nowhere and runs straight through the stream!
That was a fun car ride home.
Now that is unfortunate.
Might there be something you could offer her other than cash to smooth it over?
And no, I didn't mean THAT.
Offer to do yardwork for her?
Paint her a picture?
Take her unattractive friend out and show her a nice time?
Tell her you had a monetary lapses of judgement, went full retard...
fucked up.
Tell her you owe her a new phone and any other items she thinks needs to be replaced, shoes clothes etc...
Never do it again.
My cat did this one time when I was in 5th grade all over my math homework.
I took it to class the next day and my teacher said I had "stinky paper".
that'll look great on your resume
The title made me think "Wow, this guy walked 100 yards from his house and became terrified, lost and confused.
So he shat his pants to make himself feel better?"
I've had fantasies of dog centric Busby dancing/shitting numbers since .
It's good to know the idea is not mine alone anymore.
wall 4 ever.
You had me at clenched butt-cheeks.
Doesn't matter if the GPU doesn't support Shader Model 3.0, it won't start at all.
2 runs worse than Diablo 3 and also requires Shader Model 3.0, it will not run on that laptop.
I don't think you can justify any of what that message said.
Nice picture of NdGT and some kittens.
You're still a childish asshole.
Or had a case of bloody nipples, had a friend get 'em while running...got quite a few stares.
Might have gotten the gender wrong, but grats on getting them to text back.
Its 3:23am and I was browsing reddit in my dark apt while taking a dump.
What the fuck is wrong with me.
See, this is why I love living in NYC.
Nobody ever talks to you!
You did what any friend would do.
I'd be pissed off if I got pushed into a pool with my iPod in my pocket, but I don't think I'd make a friend pay for a new one.
Ok I have a solution for you that will fix all of your problems.
Go on a diet strictly of hard-boiled eggs and dried fruit.
Your bowels will love you forever.
You will lose weight while making your intestines feel incredible.
I promise you will not shit yourself ever again while on this diet.
Just be sure to work in vegetables or a good dietary supplement to ensure that your diet does not lack the necessary vitamins and minerals.
Oh and for the love of god work more fiber into your diet, it'll do wonders for you.
I had post exposure rabies vaccines after a rabid boxer (dog) slobbered all over me at the animals hospital.
I got a shot in the arm and two huge shots in each butt cheek and I almost passed out.
The neurologist Dr (also exposed and getting shots) proclaimed in a thick German accent "I was in the Swiss army.
I don't need a lollipop.
I want Pizza."
I then had to get about four more shots over the next month.
Not fun.
I once left my ipod nano in my jeans and my mom washed clothes that day.
she washed my ipod by mistake and I was sad but my uncle dipped it in rubbing alcohol (yeah at first I was like wtf) and then he left it out in the sun to dry.
it worked.
Also Ive heard something about putting the phone in rice?
i heard it takes out all the water inside of it.
A shitty overpriced iphone costs $500.
does a 1/2 mile waddle of shame back home;
hahahahhaha!
Or maybe eat her pussy.
, most women that I know would not find that an acceptable nor appealing offer to settle a debt with a friend.
I know, I know, bitches be crazy and whatnot.
Are you 16?
Oily food makes me need to go to the toilet all the time, like 5 times a night
I'm reading this 24 days later and laughing so hard I can't breathe.
Thank you, internet stranger, for making my day so much better.
Never heard of bloody nipples, had to Google it, didn't expect to find much.
Much was found.
I chose one to share.
deaddove.jpg
Best part, he doesn't even get karma from it ;)
ive seen your photos before.
they look great.
ive been out of the honda scene now..almost 2 years?
shoot me a PM
Wish I could just give him a load.
I've woken up during :
Almost every time I have sex in my dream and bring myself to orgasm, I realise "OH SHIT OH SHIT IT'S A DREAM, FUCK!
WAKE UP SO I DON'T SPLOOGE ALL OVER MY BED!" ...
often I'm safe, but sometimes not.
It's usually after a couple of weeks or so of not cleaning the pipes.
This subreddit is turning into Today I Shat Myself
Police officers always yell for security when someone's acting up.
And say "It's ok" over and over when someone's daughter just died.
For the Asian man.
Chunky not creamy.
I think you meant the afromentioned word
I actually quit my job two weeks ago.
I'm just finishing my notice.
my fuck up was when I left the block out of the ground, leaving a big hole there.
was just when the results of the fuck up hit me.
It might have looked something like (
Why don't I get karma for it?
to me with hot wings.
I mean that as I am the girl in the situation.
You all will laugh about it eventually.
Take the phone, put it in a ziplock baggie or tupperware container filled with rice.
Let it sit for a few days.
That might save it.
DO THIS ASAP!
have to make a link post, not a text one to get karma.
so if you linked to an imgur page with a picture of your text you would have gotten bundles of karma.
unless you mean real life karma, in which case you did, and something amazing will happen to you soon.
He may be, but you deserve the TIFU of the day IMHO
This is a throwaway account anyway, and it would be pretty sad if my scumbag profile was doing better than my "real" profile.
Self post :(
You should have took a pic!
Who actually pushes people into pools these days?
everyone has phones, and phones are expensive now.
Ahaha, that's beautiful.
I'm female, though.
RELEVANT:
It was a 2 day trip to my friends house in a different part of the country, virtually free.
Which is how much the new t-shirts will have to cost for me to be able to buy them.
life.
That seems unlikely.
Yes, but ONLY after getting my ass kicked :p
I did that recently.
I felt a little pain in the lower abdomen and thought nothing of it.
No gurgling so I felt I was safe.
I decided to go fill my car with gas then head home.
I got a few blocks from home and the gurgling set in.
Uh oh.
I pulled into my driveway and knew I wasn't going to be able to walk to the house without shitting myself so I sat in the car and clenched it hoping to get a brief reprieve.
It didn't happen, I shit myself while sitting in the car, it was such a horrible feeling losing control like that.
I really hope it never happens again.
If there was a bright side, I didn't soil my car seat.
so some dumb monkey.
aka you!
shoots paper at some guys wife's eye ball
out of no where.and then another monkey aka the
husband becomes angry because you almost hurt his wife
eye sight.
you deserved to get put in your place for being a dumb
ass.
Lik Dis if u Crie
As a girl I confirm this.
My bf took me on a shopping spree after he fucked up.
Four months later I'm still reminded of it when I grab my purse, wear the clothes and use my phone.
yeah pins snapped.
happens all the time where I work.
that all comes down to proper maintenance not being done.
those pins are supposed to be checked/replaced every 1k hours if its a busy machine, or every 3 months if occasional use.
If that had been in the air and fell this would have been a totally different TIFU
fine.
I commend you on your excellent pun
Does she not have the phone insured for accidental damage?
I put my phone through the washing machine and they just gave me a new one.
I know it hurts but, that's a great story.
Thanks for sharing.
They didn't think it was mud
it smelled like shit.
Happy to be of help.
I feel like this might turn into an event.
this saved my phone, but you NEED to take the battery out and keep it in the bag.
DO NOT turn on the phone.
I hate it when this happens
Maybe it's because I'm not a marathon runner, but how do you not stop to clean yourself up if you get yourself in such a shitty situation?
That's why you rub vaseline on your nips.
Or so I've heard.
You should keep using this one, you picked a great username.
or you could pee in her butt
Hey, I've got nothing against the right boob either.
But the lefty is usually bigger.
Damn fix your formatting I am not even going to bother reading that
Insert bad pun here.
I once shit myself while at work as a pizza delivery driver.
I escaped to the bathroom without being seen but I still had to throwaway the boxers, and work the rest of the night.
i do that every day
This reminds me of X
At least you didn't sleep with the mother of the girl whose 18th birthday party you're attending and end up getting caught with your pants down by said daughter.
Well if it's and iPhone or Razr MAXX you're kinda boned...but the rice trick is worth a shot.
Sorry about that, first post, not too familiar with the code proper formatting yet.
masterminds always drive stolen cars to their home address.
Can I get any help so I can make this more readable?
It's not so much of a code as it is general paragraphs and spacing.
Not a scumbag profile, just a scummy situation .
Look on the bright side.
You lost some weight.
Story?
Except with far fewer people.
We'll call it F.
For fffuuu-
When you type a text, press enter twice to start a new alinea paragraph!
Edit: I accidentally a word.
Or S.
For 'Some stupid asshole stole my car while I was passed out'
This was sad and embarrassing and all.
But I bet it felt cathartic to write it down and at least amuse other people with it!
Don't worry, shitpantsing happens a lot.
And when you type a text, make sure you have spell check on.
also 'achievement unlocked'
My right is bigger haha
Thanks for posting something that is truly F'd up as opposed to dropping a soda and splashing some chic in front of you or wearing white shoes after Labor Day.
If this happened, you, my friend, did indeed FU.
You have to tell us.
I love that gif more than I love my girlfriend.
Of course, I don't have a girlfriend - (
Yes I did indeed do this.
I couldn't make this kind of shit up.
Who the fuck just takes a car and when presented with proof says it's not them?
I trust people way too much, and when shit like this happens, it totally kills my faith in humanity.
OUT WITH IT!
i'm guessing you got drunk, the other couple leaves, you banged fuck-face and then passed out while he said "ooh i've never driven a benz!"
anyway, it's safe to say that when your folks get home (if any of this is true) you are seriously fucked.
i do exactly that, and just add a little honey ;)
It happened a couple years ago.
I was twenty years old.
A friend of mine had asked me to replace the air conditioning pump on his F-150.
After that we were sitting drinking beer and he asked what i was up to that night i said absolute nadda.
So he said you wanna go to an 18th birthday party.
I said why the hell not.
So I booked my ass home took care of the three S's and was on my way.
My buddy drove.
We arrived after the party started and i followed my buddy into the house.
Now I grabbed a beer a started scoping out the scenery.
So i sat down and started bullshittin.
About an hour went by and i was the life of the party because i was the young buck hangin with the old fucks.
Then the the butter crowns started flowing and this one woman who kept eyeing me up, so i went along with it.
We talked laughed and accused me of being a stripper that my buddy bought for her.
The night went on.
Then her and one of her girlfriends excused themselves and walked into her bedroom.
I thought nothing of as women have a tendency to travel in groups.
Well after about five minutes her girlfriend comes out and walks over to me and whispers in my ear "she's waiting for you".
So i ventured into the unknown of a woman's bedroom.
I wandered in and the lights were off, but there was a glow coming from the bathroom.
As i peaked through the door i spotted her on the edge of the tub and she called me over.
So i went in and sat down she started to rub my leg and i knew i had a shot.
Then the heavy petting commenced.
I took off her top and then her pants she likewise undressed me.
We began to make love.
After about an hour and a half.
to me the girl whose party it was (and i came to find out later the daughter of the woman i was shoving my cock in) was looking for her mother.
Well somebody mentioned seeing her go into her room.
So she walked in, not seeing her mother and the light in the bathroom she opened the door and there we were in all our glory.
She was bent over the sonk and i while i was pounding it from behind.
She flipped out.
So i shit you not slid my cock out nonchalantly put my pants on and stood to look at this girl screaming at me.
And so ended that night.
I woke up with a notch in my belt and another story to tell.
Tl;dr caught in the act, by the child of the woman i porked.
I'm in , that was the information I got from the arresting officers, but I'll have to double check with the investigator.
Your an idiot you got to much trust in strangers to bring them to your huge house.
They probably looked at you as some rich spoiled kid and took your dads car.
But it was stupid on both ends really.
FUCK YEA OP DELIVERED
Dang that's rough man.
The laws are the same around me too, as in if a car gets stolen, it then gets a salvage title.
Really unfortunate.
Self posts don't get link karma.
I'm so sorry this happened to you.
My friends make fun of me all the time for always having an extra pair of panties with me, but once you know the pain of needing them and not having them...
I'm so sorry this happened to you.
Just go to and click on a video that's being watched, now.
I came here to say anal glands.
so when does fuckface face 8-12 months on trespassing and theft?
also how old was fuckface?
I'm going to blame meth because I like that explanation better than the thought that fuckface is just that much of a stupid asshole.
I picked it up directly from the guys house that stole it.
I had to sign a form that stated I was taking responsibility for taking the car home even though I wasn't registered owner, instead of having it impounded.
So according to this it does look like I'm in the clear.
holy crap :( well did your parents know/would they be cool with you having friends over?
How old are you, and do they know you drink?
But of course, if they told you explicitly "no friends allowed, no drinking allowed," then I see why they might get mad at you!
Don't worry, the car won't have a salvage title.
The car would only have a salvage title if it was stolen and stripped or otherwise damaged badly enough that the insurance company would have to total it.
He's 23, he's getting charged with grand theft auto for now.
The investigator has been calling me to cross check fuckface's story with mine as well ass the other guy that was here.
I gave them the DVD of the surveillance footage that he's all over trying to find the car in the garage so it should be a fairly easy case.
Maybe next time I will carry spare panties.
It was a lot of fun to write.
Plus, I needed something to do post-shower while waiting for aftershocks.
Didn't hurt too much.
Burned a little.
Why thank you
I really hope your former boss is attractive..
Every dude reading this just checked your "submitted" file.
His mom could be really fucking hot.
At least it wasn't a brush and you're not a teen...
too soon?
29 and the parents have always said they don't mind drinking, having people over whether or not they are here.
is this real life?
The same thing happened to me like exactly.
It will never be the same and get a new friend...
This has to be fuck up of the year.
Ok I was thinking you were younger!
Well, of course no one knows your parents as well as you do, so who knows how they will react...
but I don't think they have a reason to be mad at you- you did nothing wrong, in fact you fixed the situation immediately!
Wait, i'm kind of confused on the last part about salvaged and clean.
What does that mean?
How does it negatively affect you?
It affects the resale value of the car.
Clean title = most money for the car, title = you're taking a hit.
How would the insurance company know?
I only made a police report and not an insurance claim about the stolen vehicle.
I'm not sure to be honest, that's outside my area of experience.
If they don't know then you are a lucky dude.
Edit: A quick google search on my phone didn't find anything specific but I did find that in some states and in Canada the police do automatically inform the insurance provider.
I think my buddy ( could help you find a solution...
maybe not.
LoL...he is a Marine...meaning he's in the , and not the Army.
But thank you for the support and I will pass the message along!
Shit man, I've had people over and my parents found out but at least they had the class not to steal my car.
good luck with the wrath of the 'rents
Is this worse than being woken up by her 10 12 y.o.
boys jumping on bed to do their AM cartoons only to find Ma and I naked, hungover, and in no mood for cartoons?
Shit, gonna correct that...
it'd make this story better and raunchier.
Thanks I'd appreciate it.
part about it, when I went to pick up the car, he already had a sticker on the rear window of the clothing company he worked for, his CD in the car and his phone charger.
I gave the phone charger back to the cops that gave it back to his dad and then chucked his CD out the window as I drove away and pulled the sticker off when I got home.
How the hell do you pass out with strangers in your house.
Dude I would say you're really lucky to have gotten the car back.
Tell your parents you made a mistake and that's all you really can do.
Better your dad than your grandparents.
That gets fucking weird.
By drinking.
I'm hoping you come out all right from this.
7 months of no cumming at all?
I can barely last 7 hours.
I was real dumb and day drinking real hard on the deck in the jacuzzi.
never crossed my mind, "hey this shit dick would want to steal any of my stuff if I left him alone." bad judgement on my part.
Sooo...why didn't you just say paragraph?
an alinea isn't a paragraph.
It's the term for the actual symbol that means paragraph.
Yeah I plan on telling them when they get back tomorrow morning and just saying this is the dumbest thing I've ever done and hardest lesson I've had to learn.
I came out alright getting the car back unharmed and nothing else being stolen.
So it could have been way worse but I lucked out.
I mean, I have friends I wouldnt leave alone in my house, let alone strangers.
You are lucky that guy was a complete idiot.
Dude you have to tell them.
Be mature about it and let's face it: you handled and fixed the problem yourself, and barring a little red tape it's all sorted.
Not too bad, just a fuckload of anxiety attacks for the last 2 days but that's about it.
If you want to play more than one character do you have to do all this to play the older one?
So, any idea what'll happen with fuckface now?
Is he still arested?
Do you think your father may want to sue him?
Anyway, I wish you A LOT of luck man.
I hope your parents will understand somewhat.
In the end, I think it's not your 100% fault to trust him.
That was just a very dick move of him.
At least the car is fine, though, and fuckhead is getting charged with grand theft auto.
If I read the rest of the thread correctly and you're in , that's a felony.
With video evidence, that means fuckhead will never vote again.
I don't understand how the car has to have a salvage title?
If there was no damage it seems unreal they would make it a salvage title.
He's still in jail as of 12pm PST, he'll be going away for about a year after his case goes to trial, when that is, I'm not too sure of yet.
will be wicked pissed for a few days and will get over it...but I can't blame them.
SUPER lucky.
It is really stupid.
I get around a lot of expense by being a DIYer.
This also explains why I drive Toyota and Honda, cars are crap, Korean cars are pure shit ..
in my experience.
No problem at all.
For all I know, you're not .
And even if you are, you may have no experience with the Armed .
Thanks so much again for you support though.
...just realized that came out really bitchy.
Not what I was meaning at all!
Yeah, not being pissed would be bad parenting.
I have a chrome extension that allows me to get the definition of a word in a little popup menu and I just copy and pasted from that.
"How rude, wait your turn"
Always meth.
laws state to state on what is considered salvaged.
oh my god what is that from?
can't stop laughing...
Fight that kid
I'm pretty sure the cop was lying to you to convince you to tell your parents.
The title doesn't need to be reissued.
It is not a salvaged "totaled" vehicle.
That said, you should still tell your folks.
So...you Admit defeat?
You're
dad's
Please don't call anyone stupid.
Pretty sure it's from .
A guy got voted out and those are the reactions.
why would you pay for porn in these wonderful days of redtube and motherless and xhamster?
As a straight female, I think chances are small that I'll ever consider a female boss hot.
Not even worth it, he's already fucked his life up without my help.
completely possible.
doesn't require penetration to rip the hymen.
young women who ride horses or are otherwise physically active like in sports or gymnastics have it happen all the time without having sex first to break it.
um, they can monitor your traffic anytime they choose.
it's always logged for certain period of time within their own system, they just have to pull it up and look...
I did the same thing with my mom!!
And it was a guy I was actually interested in.
She jokingly threatened to start texting him back sexy things, but I just got his number from her and texted him apologizing for the confusion.
I'm still getting teased for this, from both parties.
And a tiny pinch of salt
i couldn't live in a house like that, or even stay overnight in a house like that.
not saying it's a bad thing for a family to be that close, it's just so dramatically different from how i was raised.
i don't open a door in a residence without knocking, and all the bedrooms in my house have locks on the doors as well.
we've always respected privacy to the utmost...
I admit that I had no idea what the term was until I looked it up when I read their post.
So, what did we learn?
that's what he did, it turns out.
That an sounds pretty fucking sweet to me and to never invite randoms back to the house, unless they're hot, willing, young ladies.
that is the saddest TL;DR I've ever read.
Well played good sir, well played
should be in
Wait wait you were about to cum and clenched your body to try to hold back the orgasm?
Right on both counts.
You didn't learn.
unless even if they're hot, willing, young ladies.
randoms back to your pad is stupid, period.
If they're truly random, don't even bring them into your neighborhood.
I can do as I please.
I'm a judgemental asshole.
Maybe I should change my name to can't spell don't care.
Try a two year old crying that you had no idea was in the house, but thats a story for another time.
Forget fuck up of the week; this should be fuck up of the entire fucking year.
It's great that you got it back but...damn.
What does this mean..
fuck the future you?
( is the first thing that came to my mind.
FTFY = Fixed that for you
worth noting that Skyrim NEVER automatically deletes separate save files that you make by going into the menu -- that's the one sure-fire way to keep a character.
hahaha exactly what I was thinking
You should probably do a quick sweep of your house for anything else valuable that may have been stolen.
have, my cell, wallet keys, all where I left them.
All the laptops are here, checked for my moms jewelry.
had been tossed around like someone had been looking for anything.
Both of the iPods were still in the car glove box, just not plugged in to the car like he was using his own instead.
I think it is you who should be called fuckface.
Though to be fair fucktard would be more appropriate.
Are you mixing up BryceH and Meriii?
BryceH just defined the term, but Meriii was the one who used it.
This is so stupid it's unreal.
It's like he thought the car was his to own now, like titles and license plates don't matter.
You're either luckily unlucky or unluckily lucky haha
I'll go with unluckily luck that he wasn't exactly the brightest crayon in the box.
I too live in PS.
like that guy are the reason why this town has been going down the tubes.
Really glad you got the car back though.
Your dad can still retrieve it himself?
You made a little mistake but if he can retrieve it, it's fixable!
TIFU by accidentally poking my hamster in the eye when I was cleaning it's cage.
If you don't trust your own friends you probably shouldn't be friends with them.
Could be worse.
You could have dyed your hair in a hurry and look like Ronald .
What kind of benz was it?
got the car back that day I reported it stolen, so that's a plus at least.
Thanks a lot, really appreciate that info.
Looks like I'll be calling AAA tomorrow.
usage: Fuck that; fuck you.
This is already fuckup of the week material right here.
lol nah, she'll forgive that.
me, "It wasn't me" isn't just a line in a lame ass song.
You actually can make that shit up but I know you don't have to.
People are shady as hell.
That would be the only good thing to happen to me today.
How do you know she didn't like it?
Common mistake when making this, people turn the heat too high and it ignites, the directions you find online often omit some key safety tips...
This should only be done outside on very low heat.
doesn't even make that big a difference if you just want smoke, just mix it together dry and light.
At least you didn't get hurt worse or burn the whole house down I guess.
Cute awkwardness is...
I'm sure you'll be fine.
I don't even trust my friends when drinking is involved at my house and stay sober enough to moderate everyone.
Random people?
I wouldn't even touch more than a beer or two, especially if my family was well off.
I think it's good that you learn to trust people a bit less...
Well, considering his stupidity, I'd check the local schools for that.
You mean the local schools that are at the bottom of County which is at the bottom of , which is at the bottom of the country?
Those schools?
The kicker is you gave him the choice to bring the car back without getting the cops involved and he didn't take it.
I remember once my cousin did this purposly..
Good thing he didnt have rugs
Just lie and say someone broke in and stole it.
...alinea?
No a woman got hit with a 100 mph watermelon.
[If you could just go ahead and make sure you get that report in by Monday that would be great...](
There are different levels of 'friends'.
I also live in Miami were everyone is an asshole.
That song defined my childhood.
Why would you call it lame?
New alternate usage: Fuck the future you.
I like it, but I think it might be difficult to work into conversation.
But I think we can make it work.
On three, then...?
One...
Two...
...Three!
...I forgot where I parked the time machine...
In the future, when there are time machines on every street corner, it'll be a piece of cake for the future you to come back in time.
Just remember this moment so the future you doesn't forget your mission.
You, sir/madam, are a gentlebeing.
I upvote you as a civilized being should.
I appreciate and return the favor!
I don't, I have my own place and was just staying here for the 6 days they were out of town.
this, pretty much
i understand how the hymen works.
I didn't find that bitchy at all.
The baking soda is also unnecessary.
I'm now declaring your username completely ironic.
you win, you win Fuckup of the month not just week
This is relatively common, and almost unworthy of claiming TIFU status.
Dude you did fuck up but holy shit don't let fuckface walk just because you don't want your parents raging at you.
Just own it and apologize, and realize that as (I am assuming) a teenager you sometimes lack the ability to think things through, and learn from it and become a responsible person.
At least you're not the one who stole a car and drove it to your house.
This turned out better than expected.
With the salvage title it will be harder to sell the car for a decent price, so your dad will have no better option than to give it to you.
Not entirely OP's fault; civilzed people generally take leave of at least their hosts before bailing on a party.
One question: was said friend in bathing apparel?
If not, it pretty much does confirm OP as Dick-of-the-Week.
Oh he's fully fucked and going to prison for about a year for this.
Or OAG.
Don't count on the quality of work saving you forever.
I hate to be the Voice of Doom, but-eventually-you're either going to run out of strikes or procrastinate on something critical that cannot be overooked.
Please don't do that to yourself.
It was an expression...of love.
Yeah, not sure WTF that is supposed to do other than make the directions seem more sciencey...
Yes, she was still in her bikini...
I'm not that big of a douche to throw a fully clothed person into a pool.
Or alternately after finishing a sentence.
Press space twice,
then enter.
This makes a smaller separation between the lines of separation (As opposed to the double enter).
Wait-where the hell was she hiding the phone?!?
EDIT: And why didn't she ditch the phone on the way down?
"We began to make love." I started doing a slow clap by myself.
Oh, I hadn't noticed this, thank you!
I meant 'paragraph' of course.
Five!
A TIFU that didn't involve pooping oneself.
She had it in her hand, but her back was to me when I pushed her...I told her to throw it...when she got out she said "throw it and crack my screen?"
screen- covered by insurance
Water damage- not covered
I was just too lazy to come up with anything besides my old xbox live gamertag
I hope someone does stupider shit with fireworks by tomorrow.
With any luck, this will be buried in 12 hours.
Oh, by the way, does anybody know how to patch burnt wooden flooring?
at least you got the car back without damage.
should be happy.
and you've learned a lesson, that's good.
and fuckface is really stupid.
my ass off.
You're a good writer, man.
The way you describe things is perfect.
doing some serious length writing if you've got any ideas rattling around upstairs.
First off, How does a cupboard leave an opening into a home?
here's my advice.
Clean up as much as you can.
Then calmly explain that a bird flew into their home ( which isn't something you could control) and their cat violently murdered that bird.
How'd the bird get in?
how it might have possibly gotten in, but you're unsure.
If necessary frame them, by leaving a bedroom window open or something.
Not wide open.
Just open enough for a bird to have hopped in.
It has to be one that isn't locked or anything like that.
Give them a tally of the damage, and what you've already done to fix things FOR them.
you've already started to clean up the damage THEIR cat made.
You could even provide a list of places they can get their things repaired.
Assure them that you're okay and the cat seems to be fine.
The real victim is the bird whose life was viciously taken.
You have to clean up as much blood and trash as possible.
Clean things up to the best of your ability and perhaps enlist the help of a good friend.
Please post some pictures.
And good luck with the cleaning.
I forgot to explain, the cupboard was built over the fireplace and the bird fell/flew down into the cupboard and because it was open, got into the living room.
I'm going back for another cleanup before they get back, I'm just hoping they dont ask why I opened the cupboard.
I started cleaning as soon as it happened.
I may be able to get pics of the damage in a day or so
howto make a smoke bomb - blows up kitchen
A fuck up indeed
So what you're saying is that in theory the bird could have flown in from the fire place?
Just tell them you think it came in through the fire place.
It's legit.
At least it was your bathroom and not a public restroom.
You do realize that is you wrap 3 ping pong balls in tinfoil with a long opening at the top, and then light the bottom, you have a smoke bomb?
No chemicals involved..
Except all the ones you inhale..
What kind of was it?
I am just curious because some Benz's can be over $200,000 and others may only be about $10,000.
Baking Soda = Sodium bicarbonate
it will probably be cheaper, though if it's only part of the flooring then getting the same wood and staining the whole floor again might work.
What I thought it was at first and what I still want it to be cause it's the most positive but also the most vulgar version: Fuck The Fuck Yeah!
Some baking soda, sugar, and...
oh, nevermind...
Three, Sir!
She was blond.
No need to say any more.
Most people get angry if you say you eat the flesh of felines...
fuck the future you
people into pools is still fun.
She was told to throw the phone; if she didn't do it because she'd rather have an intact screen over a waterlogged phone...
Well, fill in your own epithet and euphemism for brain-dead sheeple.
I am in for one hell of a firestorm
Too easy...
Really though, hope things turn out as well as possible, and at least you're alright.
In all seriousness, were you examined by a doctor?
Some of the combustion products you inhaled have the capacity to cause lung problems.
And possibly other complications, depending on how much gets into your system.
Pretty sure that was from The Race.
( was hilarious none the less.
lol @ "firestorm"
Why the fuck does anyone think it's cool to push people into pools anyway?
To be honest, I'd be pissed off even if I didn't have mine.
By the way, where did you get your instructions?
4chan?
I have made a few KNO3 smoke bombs...
your ment to heat the icing sugar and then off the element, add the KNO3 mix and get it out of the container FAST.
Not sure how you got this one mixed up, I hope it doesn't hit your wallet too hard.
I don't know if that is really a fuck up.
You tried something new, learned a lot of stuff.
Nobody got badly hurt, and you have an excellent story to tell, forever.
That seems to be a win.
I love science, especially low down personal make stuff dirty and smelly blow up the kitchen science.
What's with the speechmarks?
The best part of science is the part where you blow stuff up
LPT: Never take instructions from 4chan.
nice xD
I use the same extension.
It has helped me more than I'd like to admit as a 30 year old.
alinea
cabinets is a piece of cake.
Start by removing the doors from the cabinets.
Buy yourself an electric sander.
Sand them down to the bare wood.
After this, sand down the remainder of the cabinets.
Have your mom pick out the color of stain she wants.
Stain, urethane, urethane, urethane.
Presto, you have new, refaced cabinets.
After that is the countertop.
Remove this and take it to the hardware store.
They will cut the hole for the sink for you.
Bring it in and mount it (check youtube on how to do this).
the sink (and don't be cheap - if any of your plumbing connectors look funky in the slightest, replace them).
If you have directly connected copper tubing, cut it and attach disconnect valves for the water, then use flexible tubing to reattach the faucet.
Now is the time to replace the kitchen faucet!
It also sounds like you have hardwood flooring.
Get out that electric sander and get to work, taking down a good millimeter or so off the top.
Remove that finish!
After that, fill any pits with plastic wood.
Stain it if you have to, usually you don't.
Use several coats of floor-grade urethane to finish the job.
Paint the ceiling with KILZ Hide-White or similar protectant.
steadily, this should take you the rest of the weekend and your mom will LOVE her new kitchen!
the ceiling paint and the hardware, you're talking about a few hundred dollars worth of stuff, maximum.
Now get to work, kid!
I hate to say it, but you might have made a second FU submitting this now, because the other best TIFU ever came in today:
Nah, I found some great instructions for making crystals with ammonia and bleach on 4chan.
it's to make it combust at a slower rate.
I nominate you for Fuckup of the week.
Let's just say one that he' going to be FUCKING PISSED that someone else was driving that wan't him or myself.
Lines starting with four spaces
are treated like code:
print "hello, world!"
I was trying to use that code, and when that didn't work I missed deleting a couple of quote marks.
Why bother even telling your parents about inviting people over?
Any reason to mention it at all?
You didn't exactly plan it that way, man.
I mean, yeah you fucked up.
But fuckface was a total fuckface.
His house has surveillance cameras.
Pics before and after?
Well, you did have lots of smoke.
The only thing you were missing were the lasers.
But the fire probably covered that.
We used to do this all the time in an outdoor camping stove.
We would just mix it all together and add low heat until it melted.
, I'm a master at caramelizing sugar now.
In the end it still makes you a cunt.
future TIFU
"so i read a TIFU about a guy who destroyed his parents kitchen making a homemade smoke bomb, and learning from his mistakes i gave it a shot..."
I'd say fuckface fucked up more.
Come on, he got arrested.
As opposed to an unpopulated town?
He had this job working for a local clothing company, but pretty damn close to a jobless, shiftless, roustabout.
This man needs a hug.
Don't forget by searching for those instructions, you might of ended up on the FBI watch list.
Step One: Dump a gallon of bleach into a large bucket.
Step Two: Add ammonia.
Step Three: Lean over bucket, breathe deeply.
Result: like you have never seen before.
Is it sad that the only reason I know this makes mustard gas is because of "King of the Hill?"
You'll defenitly be able to see the pluggs but wood has so many imperfections that it won't matter.
I guess you could blend fine saw dust with wood glue instead of plastic padding but I have no idea how well that would hold.
Mixing bleach and ammonia then inhaling just sounds like a horrible gas mixture in the first place
This might not be the only bad news for you, the law agencies keep an eye on people who buy materials for bomb making, so, you might be kept under observation by them as well.
It's usually a good idea to know where your two year old is at all times
... on what kind.
You might be able to cover the damage with a veneer, but it's gonna look a little strange...
(It will never come off.)
Those are just the cheapest solutions I can think of.
How extensive is the damage?
What kind of wood is it?
Needs a TL;DR.
Today we have just witnessed the beginning of Walter White!
True true, years from now you'll be laughing about it.
This thread:
+Fire
+ witnessing
+ damage
Can't think of any minuses.
The guy whose car got stolen:
+Cars
+ shit (surveillance footage, swimming pool...)
Ibex wins.
EDIT: TOLD YA
In fairness, that one becomes less of a fuck-up because the car was recovered.
Had it stayed stolen, would have been much worse.
I can't give you any decent pics.
My parents just loomed over the room watching me clean last night and this morning.
Except for the burnt in spots, there is no black residue or soot marks left!
I got the instructions from some site like instructables that looked pretty legit, so I didn't question them.
Well, the instructions say that the smoke is non-toxic, but they also said it wouldn't spontaneously combust.
It was a skin irritant and got my arms and face all inflamed though.
I didn't even know he was there she said nothing about a kid.
i prolly shoulda known considering she was a stripper.
Oak wood, and there is only an area about 6 feet by 4 feet with these marks.
The burns go almost all the way through in the center of the hot zone though.
well, shit.
Just being a ;)
Any enterprising chemical cooker knows they should get a separate electric burner and extension cord or a Bunsen burner and do that shit outside.
are you suggesting that I get a new counter top, or is it possible to just get a new layer of the vinyl-like covering (what's this stuff called)?
Bravo, 9/10 would read again.
No, that's my little brothers age and he's smart enough not to try this.
funny you said that, because I started watching Bad just now to see someone who fucked up more than I did.
Look fun and safe.
That sounded like more toxic chemicals.
Sorry, not possible.
Unless he was buying things specifically labeled "FOR BOMB MAKING" they won't.
It's just normal household chemicals and no one really watches.
the cashier at the store probably thought nothing of it.
They aren't trained in "IF SOMEONE BUYS THEY THEY ARE MAKING A BOMB OH MY GOD GET THE FBI CIA NSA AND SUPERMAN HERE STAT!"
seconded.
At least when you go to make other things in the future, you will know.
I would like to recommend something that is hard to accidentally light.
I recommend people make small amounts of thermite because you need magnesium or something similar to light it and it requires no cooking.
But when you light it, it's impressive.
It's also useful if you want to do make a mold of something iron.
You just need the mold to be very, very heat resistant.
on top of a chunk of iron, let the molten iron fall into the mold...
Don't do this.
you screwed up a smoke bomb.
At some stores cashiers are trained to do exactly that.
When I was a cashier at Home Depot we were given Anti- training and told to report any suspicious purchases to our Loss who'd in turn send that info onto Law
So you could name off the top of your head bomb recipes?
And if you could, all your coworkers were smart enough to remember them all?
TIFU is going to be great today
Tear out enough flooring to make a semi-circle around the over, then use a much lighter or darker stained wood.
Call it "artistic".
Well, we don't have a lot of stuff for the internal components.
We were told to look for people getting pipes, electronic timers, and other mis-matched "suspicious" purchases.
though, it's been nearly a year since I was in that job so I've brain-dumped most of that info.
quote?
"A good rule for rocket experiments is this: always assume it will explode."
Can't be bothered to find link.
The baking soda helps to slow the combustion, also releasing CO2, and causes more smoke.
, there are much better ways of creating more smoke with KNO3.
Where did you find your KNO3?
I found some at a gardening store once, but it was a long time ago.
Also in .
Like says:
They can't kill you if you're dead.
Glad you're ok.
Well, based on that list I can only imagine the lists I am on.
I did a couple basic google searches with those keywords and didn't even find a snopes page about it.
I'm certain that you'd likely not be on a list.
Not from lack of training or policy, but simply laziness or a "not my problem" kind of attitude.
I did something very similar years ago, idiotically mixing up the smoke bomb in a container that had residue from a previously detonated mixture.
That was mostly a joke.
I buy a lot of odd things in stores and online.
I'm sure we all do!
I'm certainly on lists myself (from training I've received though, not likely purchases)
Your google skills must be sub par.
You should take some pictures, I'd like to see this.
If it irritated your face and arms, what do you think it will do to your lungs?!? The tissue in your lungs is much more sensitive than that of your skin!
Well considering one of the keywords you gave me was lipstick and lipstick was nowhere to be found in the story.
It also says nothing about him being caught because he was buying makeup.
It simply says that the FBI visited beauty stores he went to.
is not mentioned on there either.
It was h2o2 and acetone.
"Over the course of several months, the FBI listened to Zazi's phone conversations.
In August 2009, the FBI overheard him speaking about mixing chemical substances.
Your memory must be sub par.
I feel like it would be irresponsible to tell you, but ask for tree stump remover at any hardware store.
Meh, we're good.
I didn't inhale too much smoke, and it only irritated my arms because I worked for a couple hours afterward without rinsing.
You're fucking retarded.
It says nowhere that he was under surveillance for months before July 2009.
It says that in Aug 2009 he was heard talking about mixing chemicals, while he was seen buying chemicals in July - Aug 2009.
You have actual testimony from a cashier here who says that they're trained to monitor people who buy suspicious chemicals, and you still ignore the evidence.
You're the classic example of a dead and blind fucktard of the lowest degree.
I'm done talking to you, go eat out the worms out of your momma's pussy.
any tips for getting it out of the walls?
Never google how to make a homemade explosives!
If there are only small holes, you can get a special filler from the hardware store to try and color match.
But if the damage is too extensive, you're better off replacing a few boards, if possible.
Had 3 people over at my parents house I met at a party the night before.
I passed out, one took my dads benz back to his house.
Called the cops, gave them his address.
I got the car back, unharmed.
I know he's gonna be pissed, but what is it?
It is possible to get a new piece of the laminate for the counter top, it is not a huge undertaking to replace it.
It's glued on with contact cement, the edging and sides are a little trickier though.
Now press the edit button and copypaste it to the text c:
Asian actually
At least you got pizza out of it
(smh) Work with me here!
Oh, by the way, does anybody know how to patch burnt wooden flooring?
you burnt the floors...
are you suggesting that I get a new counter top, or is it possible to just get a new layer of the vinyl-like covering (what's this stuff called)?
the countertops...
any tips for getting it out of the walls?
the walls...
my only injuries were a series of blisters on my hands and feet
and your hands.
Surely you can get a picture at least two of these things in the next 24 hours.
the blisters on your hands/feet.
Your mother should be doing a TIFU.
You don't just preheat the oven without making sure nothing is in it.
As opposed to a populated field.
Who knows how many times I have preheated and walked off to suddenly remember I left some pans in there.
Glad those plastic handles can stand up to some heat.
ok...she was a blond asian
set the stove to just below medium
[Looks like the stove should have been on low](
I'll take the high ground since I can't embarrass myself more than you just embarrassed yourself just now.
So it doesn't say why he was investigated, anywhere.
It doesn't say one way or the other that anyone tipped them off.
The testimony doesn't say that the cashier called anyone.
The tip could have had to do with his travels just previous to this and his internet search history or any number of other things.
He was corresponding online with other would-be terrorists before this, apparently so it could have been that.
It could have been a cashier.
It could have been that Vinas fellow who was arrested in 2008.
The research and travel preceded the buying by months, at the very least.
I was wrong, and I can admit this because I am an adult, in saying he was investigated months before he bought the things.
But there is nothing that says he was investigated because of a clerk.
Here is a toast to being on lists then!
You 12?
No, I'm 15
It's understandable.
if your dad gave you no indication that he had news of significance to impart.
Not to minimize his news, but prostate cancer is one of the slower-growing varieties.
Life expectancy is usually 10+ years post-diagnosis.
Most men die from other reasons, apart from the prostate cancer.
Next time, OP, make sure your oven-pig is made of BACON!
OP is a future Darwin Award recipient.
So at no point, neither you nor your parents were like "This sounds like a bad idea..."
Ya know, I read this story before going to sleep last night (in ) and I dreamt that I blew up my kitchen.
The descriptions were so good my subconscience had to live it out.
only kind of
A quick trip to the internet showed me that all I needed was a bottle of chemicals from the hardware store that was just potassium nitrate, and some sugar and baking soda.
Yep, there's your problem.
for some reason, no.
there is no goddamn way I am trying anything else with this chemical i see on the internet.
Memo to all new employees:
In the interest of workplace safety and staff synergy,
mandatory random drug tests will be administered over the
following months.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Da Boss
You need to buy a new countertop.
That can't be refinished.
I learned it from ( by Chuck .
How do you do it without making it look ghetto as fuck though?
The laminate would have to replace the entire surface, you can't really patch a section properly.
You would cut the laminate maybe no more than 1/2 inch wider than needed, you cut it with shears to bring it closer to the edge and then you finish it with a fine rasp.
I haven't done this for about 12 years, so I think it's correct but you would probably want to consult someone who does it regularly.
Maybe the interviewer imbibes and won't hold it against you...
But you probably fucked up.
you are one lucky dumb bastard.
you should never wish that amount of stupidity on anyone.
there is already plenty to go around.
Allahu Akbar
Like magnesium powder!
people into pools is so last millenium bro.
You're dumb.
potassium nitrate should be done slowly, carefully and on very weak fire.
And sugar must be pured slowly.
And everything needs to be done outside.
And you must be focused.
[This is how I picture your interview going](
makes it burn WAY longer.
In powdered form you get more of a gun-powder effect than a smoke bomb effect, as OP learned the hard way.
Any new smartphone is $500-600
Well, many thanks.
At least there's a silver lining.
i just used a knife with a sharp narrow tip to scrape it out of the floor...depending on what the wall is made of, you'll probably have to scrape it out then patch/paint...
I really hope, for what its worth, that you kept wearing it with confidence.
I never even considered it.
lol i did
Glad you weren't seriously hurt!
Good look on the bright side, If you do get a call back and the job then chances are its going to be a great place to work with great people!
Shit happens if they hold that against you, you shouldnt be working there.
[Maybe we can just...
cruise past this test?](
You might get lucky.
My aunt has worked in all kinds of jobs, and she said it's never the managers you expect.
The biggest pothead she worked for was a middle aged manager of a luggage store.
She had my aunt hook her up a few times.
Or its filled with loser stoners.
EDIT: I feel the need to iterate that I have nothing against people who partake.
I have issue with the idiots who do nothing but smoke and are completely non-functional whether stoned or sober.
I don't think "imbibes" means what you think it means
Im convinced that the majority of people that wear these are children or doofuses.
sucks for you
I'll just say it had an AMG in there.
and one of the pages of the book was sticking your fingers in a dogs butt, That's !
It was really funny and I had to reference it when I saw this post.
Kinda thought it would generate a little more comment Karma though, thanks anyways.
suck my dick.
expressing yourself is for immature people.
it's his choice to handle his breakup poorly with drugs - you can't beat yourself up over that.
if he's choosing that way now to handle pain it would have happened eventually even if it wasn't for them breaking up over this.
he fucked up his unhealthy relationship by cheating (not saying it wasnt fucked up to begin with but thats what ended it) so he has to take responsibility for that.
she sounds like a complete bitch and i dont blame you for wanting them broken up.
hopefully one day hell realize theres better people out there then her.
good luck with your friend - i cant really give good advice on how to handle his addiction because its so complex.
but he needs counseling if hell let a s.o treat him like that and then turn to speed over a breakup
I'd rather work with stoned stupid people over sober stupid people.
Glad to hear you're so comfortable with your homosexuality.
I mean gosh, propositioning people over the internet, whew...that's some hard core stuff there.
Ok then, I agree, but lets not blame their laziness on ok?
If they're lazy whether stoned or sober, then they are just lazy people.
If she was a beaver that would be raspberry flavoring
Maybe, maybe not.
Some people just burn out and are seriously not there anymore.
Didn't mean it that way.
I was trying to turn his own inherent homophobia against him.
a homophobe hates worse than people thinking he's gay himself, which is usually the story anyways.
A few outliers here and there, which will happen with ANY large population.
Some people have no self-control, and eat too much .
That doesn't mean that everyone who eats will end up a fat lazy slob.
Doesn't even mean that a "majority" will, or even "a large proportion.".
Most people can reasonably partake in and not become slobs, just like most people can partake in and not become a burnout.
I dislike burnouts as much as I dislike slobs.
I don't have a problem with the "substance", I have a problem with people being unable to control themselves.
As much as I'm ok with weed, the deadheads are not by any means few and far in between.
they don't exist only hurts the movement.
"After about an hour and a half."
This guy deserves a fucking medal.
yea ...
Could you elaborate as to why?
You must be referring to pot heads.
who eats DOES TASTE SOMEWHAT BAD WHEN YOU GIVE THEM ORAL SEX THOUGH.
Even if it was just one fucking meal and they usually are a better eater.
My comment wasn't homophobic, I didn't use gay in a derogatory form, nor do I know or assume the sex and gender of that douche bag.
I am, in fact, comfortable in my sexuality and don't find being called a homo particularly insulting.
Now telling some one to suck my dick, that should pretty well be insulting to anyone regardless of orientation.
As should this, , fuck your mother...
Don't read too much into that, just piss off.
nitrate, sugar, baking soda - what could possibly go wrong?
Son, what were you thinking?
Please x-post this to , they'll love it.
If she wasn't my Mom, I probably would :-)
Dude youve heard of whiskey dick.
Yeah it still goes up but it won't go down.
your fuckup.
Great job.
It's not fair!
Rich people are rich and I'm cool!
Get a rug :)
That's a very good analogy.
I wonder why you're getting downvoted...
Where did you get your instructions from?
4chan?
it paints a target on your head.
Or job, rather.
GUYYYSS
shhh it's okay guys
It's all okay
guyys
It's one of those things you see a 14 year old wearing to make sure that everyone knows they smoke pot.
In all honesty who gives a fuck?
The only thing we gathered from your bracelet is that you're a silly person.
60% of who are in favor for the legalization of should wear them too right?
I have formed this opinion from High School.
And as someone who enjoys from time to time.
they're not going to openly admit what their methods are, retard.
But its obvious that he had a clean record before July 2009 when he began to buy those chemicals and then the police began their surveillance.
P.S Just because I was bored, I googled for 'terrorist bought chemicals' and found some of these links
These are only the ones I bothered to look up, I've read many examples where the purchase of these materials flagged the person.
Even he if he did, who the fuck even says imbibes?
It's OK, job interviews are awkward anyway and have lots of potential opportunities to mess something up.
take a lot of things into account and as bad as you may feel about the bracelet, that may not be the main or the only decisive factor in their decision.
Don't feel bad, everyone has embarrassing job interview stories- next time you'll pay more attention to details.
Good luck with the job hunting!!
Its also used as fertilizer, might be called lime..
you definitely screwed up I can't really blame you.
#YOLO, right?
It's like wearing a bracelet that says 'I love booze'.
Sure, lots of people do.
But it sounds tacky said out loud.
And reguardless of what we want, the social stigma is negative.
It's stupid, but it is, so respect that.
You aren't the one in power, your boss is, so keep your head down.
I need to see those pictures.
While all those stickers, and buttons, and tee shirts might be silly, they have served their intended purpose beautifully; they normalized cannabis consumption.
Now I can legally grow, possess, and consume cannabis in my state which was impossible twenty years ago when I was a teenager wearing " It" tee shirts and listening to Jimmy Cliff.
it worked!
, the majority of people who wear these aren't wearing it to job interviews or equally sensitive environments.
, "I Love Booze" isn't a political statement and is completely different.
Who cares what the social stigma is, that's the whole point of the bracelet.
I mean, it's asking for something illegal to become legal, so it is inherently against the social stigma.
Don't harsh on an entire group of people for expressing their beliefs on a taboo topic.
They should not have to be apologetic for expressing themselves.
This is not "fucking up big" so calm down.
You are not an asshole and fuck anyone who says you are.
This is a simple human mistake.
It certainly wasn't the best outcome but it was not the worst and it is certainly not irreparable.
Forget what her friends think and just go and apologize to her.
Tell her that you got nervous and it has nothing to do with her looks, behaviour, etc.
(which is what is likely what she is thinking right now).
I've always found that honesty works the best when you make a mistake and I think it will probably work well for you in this situation.
Try to get her on her own, as her friends clearly can't be trusted to act like decent human beings, and offer your explanation.
If it goes well, you could possibly offer a "retry" on the kiss.
If it does NOT go well and she cannot accept the fact that you are not perfect, and can make mistakes just like any other human, then I don't think she is girlfriend material.
Also, her friends are serious dipshits.
, slapping and then shunning you?
Dah fuck.
Just my 2 cents, feel free to do what you want with it.
Good luck with whatever route you take.
I'm a big smoker man, I am all for it to be legalized.
But if you ARE going for a job, or conversing with authority that could take it negatively, keep it under wraps.
It might be your opinion, and maybe the right one, but it may not be theirs, and they are in power.
I meant it more as 'Wear it appropriately', not 'dont wear it at all', sorry if that came out wrong.
Lime is usually a form of carbonate, hydroxide, or oxide, but yeah, fertilizer is common place for nitrates.
"their cat"
I was more trying to defend my post above that is getting slaughtered.
I've learned from Reddit: If they want to downvote you, just let them.
Making follow-up defence posts generally ends with more downvotes anyway...
I don't know, but I wouldn't hold it against them.
"Quaff" is another favourite.
Last night I imbibed several fine ales and quaffed a few shots of liqueur.
Having been both a child and a doofus at age 11 in a scummy souvenir shop in , I can confirm this.
It really amazes me the way that so many people let weed ruin their life.
I mean, what would you rather do - smoke weed every day or have a job?
Oh wait...
which state?
and did it require any licensing?
honest.
First world problem.
It's bad luck man.
But I don't blame you for wanting to get back out there and play some bball.
You're getting surgery, right?
Be sure to rehab the knee -- get in the pool, do stretches, jogs, etc before trying to go full-contact on it.
Give it at least a year.
Tough shit man, best of luck.
I remember when you could throw someone into the pool and it was all fun and games.
Then I remember when throwing someone into the pool was a bit of a big deal, but not that big of a deal due to phone damage.
Phones weren't so high tech and people didn't have such an enormous attachment to them.
I remember a friend got revenge on me for throwing him in the pool earlier that day.
I had my phone in my pocket, he didn't know that, and he threw me in the pool.
I laughed about it, and then realized the phone was on me.
But I didn't give my friend shit.
is fair.
And it was a crappy flip phone --- a baggie full of rice actually got about 90% of the water out of the screen.
And it kept working.
I wasn't mad at my friend.
, friendships are in danger of ending over throwing someone in a pool.
and their expensive ass phones on them at all times, just so they can tweet and shit.
BTW, your friend's phone is not worth $500.
That might be the retail sticker on it, but I guarantee your friend is under a contract and probably didn't pay close to that, due to some sort of promotion.
Offer to help get her a new one.
Don't give her cash.
Find a similar used phone on craigslist or something (don't get her a NEW phone, the one she had was used).
You might be able to get off for around 200 bucks or so.
If she had an iphone4 tell her you'll get her an iphone 3gs.
Once I coughed after eating spicy cheetos, some got up in my nose.
It burns a bit..
, even if you did get it from Civ5.
I would be dissapointed if I weren't on any government watchlists, because that would mean that the government isn't doing it's job.
BTW, gelignite is made using wood pulp (among other things) and doesn't need the "internal components" you referenced.
There are all sorts of explosives that are simple.
Bomb-making stuff is hard to track all at one store, I'm surprised your store even had that policy.
Oh, and just to ensure that the Brits are watching me to...
Erin go bragh, motherfuckers, have a safe night.
I appreciate your audacity.
It reminds me of when I went to an oral exam (I'm from a non-english speaking country) at Uni with a t-shirt which read
THE PRODIGY ARE FUCKED ON E
The teacher noticed it, but she also realised I did not mean to be disrespectful, I just didn't pay attention, so the accident did not end up compromising the outcome of the exam.
Very bad luck.
The thing is that it had been more than year so you know I thought eh why not.
Bad move.
The thing for surgery is that I don't have insurance at the time, trying to get some and then report the accident after.
I mean I have to do whatever is possible to get that surgery right?
So if I hopefully do get it, ill probably wear my brace everywhere I go and actually finish my therapy.
you turn off the lights
Read the title: immediately NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE
that might actually work!
you forgot to put the part where you f'd up
I fixed it.
Tip #1 - Time to give up that dream of becoming a plumber.
Tip #2 - If you google "" the results page will say " results for hawaii"
Cool story
People with a vocabulary.
PPS this uncle is a man to be reckoned with
I messaged the mods and they said they'd consider it!
We'll know at the end of the week, of course.
how long of a flight is it from to Hawaii?
puts on his David Caruso glasses
next time close the water valve!
Honest?
I'm not sure why you felt it necessary to declare your sincerity...
ew, I tore some knee cartilage bowling when I was 22: It went out twice more before I decided to have it checked by a doctor, some of the more incredible pain I ever experienced.
The doctor said that it was a minor case and I should be ok if I walked with a cane for a month or two...
can't imagine what a severe case is like.
Whore
You make an excellent point.
I for one, because of my jobs, will NEVER wear something supporting pot...
however, I was just curious as to your thought process
If the un-send ever fails you can try using my [patented anti-reading email technique](
Nope, you didn't Fuck up.
You used an email feature properly.
Whoa, dude, that's brilliant.
My old e-mail has an arsenal of spam I could use.
You said this happened to you in the other thread and that it worked.
Have you ever fessed up to the truth?
Care to elaborate on what happened afterwards?
Since it's reddit patented, if I ever use it, how can I pay you royalties?
Do you accept karma or cats?
first time i read the link as , thinking wow, those must be some sexy shots..
Did you meet this stripper at the club or did you meet her and later find out that she was a stripper?
Met her at the club it was my birthday and she asked me home with her.
Bad idea bro.
A stripper that offers rides home with people is most likely not going to be clean...
We walked lol.
Lol that was hilarious
TIL there's a KPB
lol..i wish more fireworks displays were like that!
I have to admit, as nice as a good fireworks show is, I think it'd be pretty cool to see what it looks like when all the fireworks are set off at the same time.
Those displays are many tens of thousands of dollars, hundreds if you count the insurance and the spectacles that go on around them.
This guy gets fuckup of the YEAR.
may call for "security".
And they are obviously from a small town and may have no idea how to handle a psychotic break that the man appears to be going through.
I really want to hear from this person.
It must have been sheer panic for those 9 seconds, especially behind the scenes.
They had ONE job...
TIL that website exists.
God Bless .
Even though I'm .
It's not the cost; people make six digit fuckups all the time.
It's the extremely public nature of this fuckup that really makes it.
It's not often that hundreds of thousands of people witness you shitting the bed live.
That's something special.
She has amazing boobs
Also, it's only once a year, and you have one job to do.
Do you think, after a fuckup like that, the company involved will ever do another fireworks show again?
I mean, you'd pretty much have to shut down your business.
It was the funniest thing ever.
And then the radio started doing a countdown to absolutely nothing.
Never had to fess up, thank god it worked so well!
But I accept all major forms of cat :)
I'm sure he panicked for a little more than those 9 seconds.
That's not a fuck up, that's the best firework show ever
please start the post with TIFU and repost.
thanks you!
, thats how a fireworks show SHOULD be.
Okay maybe they could stretch it to a full minute.
Did you get canned?
He is a good man and I felt terrible, it was such a stupid and petty thing to do..
Not even once...
Ok twice...
it it entirely likely she lied to make you feel better
Pretty sure this isn't the individual that fucked up, as it's labeled "TIFU request".
This actually happened in my town (West , IA).
knocked some just lit fireworks onto the entire finale.
It was cool, but it made for a really short show.
Does anyone really expect any TIFU request to ever be answered ever?
If electronics get wet turn them off immediately, open them if you know how to safely.
Let them dry.
alchoh will help with evaporation but isn't necessary.
The key is to make sure you're not using it while it's wet.
If it's not water, ie.
Coffee.
Open it up and spray it with an electronic safe fluid, can't remember the name, and pat it dry.
I don't recommend opening ps3 controlers for those that are unexperienced with them.
They're a bitch.
Source: Fix gaming consoles
Paint her like one of your french girls
That's illegal here.
Must of got real hot down near that display of fireworks.
I was there when it happened.
It was epic and hilarious at the same time.
What does that even mean?
I hope you're not expecting people to be sympathetic because frankly I don't see how there's any room to be.
Just be thankful things didn't turn out worse.
TIFU requests...
interesting.
Seems like a good idea, but has tons of subscribers and still has a lot of unanswered AMA requests, while we only have 20,000 readers.
, I'll allow these.
Well I'f you think about it, you could make some money by buildng those and selling them!
Your friends idiocracy formed a business.
Be proud.
Were you drunk?
Overly
It probably wasn't the fault of one guy, more of a single failure in a complicated automated system.
"she was bent over the sonk"
Nope, just not paying attention.
This goes to all; , if this happens too many times, just pee sitting down!
When I got to the last part, I thought (
In 30 years, first time this ever happened.
Haven't you ever had a toilet seat ninja close on you?
Side Story
I used to work for the phone company doing onsite support, and usually the only bathroom was the customer's.
Some people had these stupid ass covers on the tops of the toilet.
When you would lift it, it wouldn't get to the "upright position" and when you let it go, it would drop.
I'd need to hold it or position it just right.
If I saw it shutting I'd need to grab it fast.
This particular incident just involved me not watching the seat.
Tips aren't wages unless OP gets paid the minimum wage for tipped workers of $2.13 an hour.
I live in SD and I must say it was magnificent.
Of all the ways you can fuck up hundreds of thousands of anything, this was by far the greatest.
It was all a perfect grand finale.
Thanks, that's the best advice I've ever recieved!
You really helped me alot
So long as they don't get out of hand...
I thought we might get to see that in Austin last night.
One of the big air-burst type fireworks exploded at launch.
of a circle in the sky, it was a semi-circle around the launch site.
(I think they use a barge on the lake.)
The word actually used was "hore", thanks.
But it's cool.
More of a "Today I saw someone fuck up publicly and I'd like to see them talk about it."
Maybe I am being naive, but...
why couldn't you just spit into the sink and then rinse it down later when the water came back on?
How'd you find this post 8 days later?!
...You don't know about that website?
SD done fucked up.
The exact same thing happened to me when I was 16.
I went to a concert for my favorite band and had one of those "love at first sight" moments that I've only had one other time in my life.
I didn't ask for the girl's number, and I never saw her again.
It hurt like a hell for a little while, but it was an important life lesson.
You can bet your ass I won't forget how that felt ever again.
I use it as motivation now.
"Man who go sideways through airport turnstile going to ."
Thats immediately what I thought.
I also thought that "I'll be damned if this happens again".
From now on I'm going for it, all the time.
Some bad will probably happen from this, but hopefully some good as well :)
Pick better made up names for people.
Just using letters was confusing as all hell.
Dude, I also went to see jack white a week ago (in amsterdam).
What did you think of the support ?
One day I was walking to school.
My usual routine was get off the bus and at this which was two blocks from my School get a bite to eat and walk the rest of way.
So anyway, it was another typical day I get my food sit down eat.
I see this really hot red head with an ass like oh my god.
So I wanted to talk to her really bad, so I slammed my food and kinda jogged out the door she was walking north and so was I on my way to school.
I eventually catch up to her and I start talking to her, get her name and I find out she is new to town.
We talked for like 3 minutes and we got up to this apartment complex which was on the way to my school I would walk past it every single day.
Anyway, she says "This is my stop." and I saw her fiddling with her phone like trying to subconsciously communicate to me that I should ask for her number, I don't know why...
but I didn't I said "Ok see you around" I never saw this girl again.
Walked this same path, sametime for another 4 months every day and never saw her.
I prayed that I would see her again and never did.
I still think about her, what would of happened if I asked her for her number.
Oh well.
At one point in time I was so desperate I even walked around the apartment area like I was coming home from school and lived around there.
"You had ONE job, firework guy, ONE JOB!"
I liked them!
They had a great sound.
I don't really like the kind of music, but I'm going to give their album a listen.
The older one is cute.
Wasn't Jack great though?
At the beginning, with the shadow!
He looked so immense.
Yeah man :/ bummer.
Next time I guess.
Keep on keepin on.
had, being the operative word.
This brings back some lulzy memories.
So we were in an online chatroom, and this guy "rev" was smoking weed, home alone, at 1 am.
Being the assholes that we are, after he said he feels like doing something crazy, we told him to go make a bomb.
The guy actually wanted to make one, but we convinced him to just make a smoke bomb and throw it into the neighbor's yard and post the results.
He googles a recipe, switches over to the laptop and goes downstairs to brew up probably the same thing that op tried making.
, he had the laptop pointing to him from the kitchen counter and hell broke loose and 3-4 of us, at the time, /b/tards practically lost it.
He flipped out, we laughed our asses off, and I was the only one who managed to get this shitty screenshot.
After he cleaned up, he said to us, "but...
guise...
I only..
I trai to maek chickan."
(edit: spelling)
Yea he fucked up.
We did not get such a show in ...
sigh the things you miss living out in the burbs :)
Did you see it?
It really needs to be about 5 minutes as it was basically one red flame with changing clouds.
Yeah but it's a concern that it could even happen.
That would be like building a query that could query every single row in your database at the exact same time and hoping no one ever executed it.
How blind did people get from staring at this all at once?
ooh purple spots and white floaters!
I can just feel the crushing disappointment of all those people like an elephant on my chest...
Your friend...
your friend did it.
I get what your saying, but it also looked like for a second the world was gonna end, and that is what fireworks should do.
Was this you?
That oily feeling you get when you stick your hand in bleach is the top layer of your skin melting ;).
Good luck, hope the couch makes it!
As once said hit it and quit it
Maybe you should contact the military of some cuntry and offer to make these for them.
You could package pen tubes, caps, a screwdriver, and instructions on how to make these.
Then do an airdrop behind enemy lines.
3 enemies will try to make one of these and it will blow up on them and piss them off.
Once they are pissed off and start yelling then friendly forces could zero in on the sound waves and blow the shit out of them.
Get back to me immediately.
I am waiting.
If I even think I might clog/overflow the toilet, I find the valve first!
That way If I see the water getting too high, I know exactly where it it to shut the water off to the toilet.
So is the couch now going to stick out in the room because it's white in a room of black?
More like it's going to look awful because it will be covered in ugly light-green streaks.
So can we now call it a zebra couch?
I stopped reading after "So I was at a Jack White concert".
You don't deserve anyone's advice or sympathy as long as you're listening to music that shitty.
When you can't make out all the individual fireworks, it looks like a bomb is going off.
if that's how it ends then bring it on.
And they finished in record time!
amirite?
For a sec I thought SD was getting bombed.
I'd still want to know.
glad I decided at the last minute to take my kids to the San Marcos show in favor of the blow up bouncers beforehand, instead of Bay like we did last year.
Sucks for all the people who got hotel rooms and everything.
Dang.
Seems like this kind of stuff happens a lot.
I was at a party talking to some pretty hot chick an her friend.
We were hanging out when the host decide she is sleepy and wants everyone to gtfo.
And I'm telling my friend I wanna stay I'm talking to her but he's like we have to go I'm a little tipsy.
Well we leave home and the whole car ride home I'm beating myself up about not getting her number go home.
Turn on Skype talking to a friend still beating myself up.
Played a few league games, then right before I go to bed I decide to go stalker mode and find her on .
I found her messages her, turns out she's pretty chill; still don't have her number yet haha
Well now I know what to do whenever I hate someone in the dorms.
I think that's a yes
Am I the only one who thinks this would be considered to epically awesome to be a legit TIFU?
That happened here in south south too!
Big ass hemisphere of boom.
TIFU request: bernanabears' friend.
pix or it didn't happen
Is still around?
I wish man.
I fucking wish.
Not sure if I should feel pride or shame.
Is your mum super mad at you?
Or is she kinda just annoyed?
oh man i'm sorry to hear that.
did they smell at all?
you get a hug.
Ex-girlfriend's are ex's for a reason!
Since I can't post it to , I have to call attention to this here:
The big show, which began five minutes early at 8:55 p.m., lasted 15 seconds.
DADDY HAMMER?
You are my hero.
I did get one ( of it.
We weren't too far from it.
We just thought it was a rather impressive, 'get to your seats' shot.
You probably saved her life by it.
Hahaha this guy :)
Was she your ex prior to the pepper spray?
bananas are overrated anyway.
They have an aura of nastiness, even the ripe, normal ones
I know I did what I thought was the right thing.
But I will never be right in her eyes because that is where I put pepperspray.
She kept saying I was a liar, that there were other reasons, so I broke down and told her and she started trying to kill herself.
What a very cool answer.
This is not fucking up, this is just a bit less than optimal reaction.
You still saved her life.
, I knew this situation was a likely outcome.
The major fuck up is that she can press charges.
And that the story will probably never get told this way to any of our mutual friends...
which happen to be all of my friends.
tanky tanky
You seem like a rational caring person.
She, obviously, not so much.
I don't think you should understimate your credibility.
sounds like you might need a social exgirlfriendectomy..
i wouldn't worry about it too much; i can hardly imagine a guy getting too upset over getting flashed boob!
so you have a crush on a guy with a daughter..
is he available?
is there a mrs.
crush)
because if so (available) i imagine he might be very happy with your interest.
Ex is homophone with axe for a reason.
EDIT: FTFM
Look at it in a positive light - the couch is now thoroughly disinfected.
Who knows what horrors might have infested your family otherwise.
Also, the best way to never be asked to do an odious task again in the future is to do a thorough job fucking it up in the present.
I read that as "slapped his daughter's boob" i was confused.
Err no.
It's the oils on the surface of your skin turning to soap.
gas not mustard gas.
gases are sulphur compounds.
There is no sulphur in either ammonia or bleach.
What was that reason if you don't mind me asking.
I'm now very curious.
I'm an EMT and the NREMT was a huge pain in the dick.
I took the whole thing convinced I was failing.
The questions are worded so ambiguously that it's hard to know if you're getting them right even when you know you should be.
But yeah, the OB portion was the worst.
That's what I did and when it came time to take the NREMT, I did a lot better than I thought I would.
You got this, man.
you are.
I mean, uh
I don't think it's a homonym
One is an Eh and one is an Ah
Maybe it depends where you're from?
It's not?
"Axe" I think it is.
aww -hug- i bet he finds the whole thing funny by next week.
Your crush looks like (
I'm very confused.
Surely OP will deliver.
and this is why you stay away from people who have douche bag friends
There is a magical word that we use for people like that: crazy.
Stay the frack away from her.
Why is she suicidal?
That's pretty hot.
Look at all those manly segments.
anyone who threatens to self-harm in order to get YOU to reverse your decision to end a MUTUAL relationship...
is fucking crazy...
run bro.
Close, but no.
Their/there/they're are homonyms since its impossible to tell them apart without context in a sentence.
Ex and axe can be told apart if the person enunciates well enough.
Edit: homophones, not homonyms
who really wants to kill themselves just does it.
They don't really give warning.
If they threaten to do it , it's usually just for attention.
Next time she says something like that tell her to go ahead and do it.
Even if she does follow through it doesn't matter.
She's crazy and not your problem.
Their, there and they're are not homonyms.
Their and there are very different in my mouth.
And they're ...
I don't see how that can be a homonym even a little.
I think what the police officer told you is not correct.
If she presses charges, lawyer up and see if this is defensible, I bet a good lawyer could argue it.
The reason why I say this is because laws like self-defense not only cover you but other ppl.
You can pepper spray someone if they are attacking someone else, this is legit even to the point of deadly force if it's warranted.
I assume this may cover people trying to hurt themselves, but that'd be for a legal expert to decide.
it, they're exactly the same.
Saying them out loud, I can't even tell the difference.
Axe and ex are absolutely different if you enunciate.
to get really pedantic, I actually meant homophones, although you did too.
Those are the classic homonym examples.
You ain't be talking no good.
There and they're are not homonyms.
My english is fluent.
A bit accented, but not unduly.
Yea, I did.
Those are homophones, different words that sound the same though their spellings differ from each other.
are words that are spelled the same but have different meanings, such as seal (the animal) and seal (to seal shut).
Ex and axe are neither of these things, though.
He's got 3 kids, and his son oldest daughter (15, who I flashed) are best friends with my daughter, and his youngest daughter (6) calls me mom sometimes (she really likes me).
They came over to my house yesterday to swim for the day.
The guy is also my brother in laws' best friend (my sister's husbands buddy).
We all hang out at least once a week they've spent weekends at my parents house at the lake with us, we spend holidays together, etc.
We've 'hooked up' a few times, but nothing more has ever come from it.
So yeah, he's seen the ol' boobage already, but a good flash probably didn't hurt...and I've seen him in the buff I think he's hot, so definitely NOT roly-poly looking!
I know, I'm an idiot.
Yes they are.
my faith or you will burn in heel.
And that's very uncomfortable.
It was just so random and stupid, that's why I feel like such a dork.
Ha ha, at least you got internet points out of it.
And I'm sure that he doesn't care and it's even possible that he is nervous about what you think about him.
He's probably intimidated that you had the guts to call him a roly-poly to his face.
Well, to make it worse, I used to weigh 280 lbs, had surgery, and now I weigh 145.
(I'm 5'9", so I'm pretty skinny now.) I'm totally not one to make fun of fat people because I WAS so fat, and this makes me seem like a bitch who hates fatties.
yourself into traffic is a hazard to you, herself, and vehicles.
Might be your accent but it's not really the same.
Ex sounds like "Hecks or Hex" without so much emphasis on the "H"
Axe sounds like "Hacks" again w/o the emphasis on the "H"
She was constantly rude to you and then tried to kill herself when you finally got sick of her shit?
She tries to kill herself.
Tell the gossip of the group (in confidence, of course) the whole story.
Phrase it as a question: "The police told me I was wrong...but what else could I do?"
All of your friends will know the whole story in 10 minutes.
I think he wanted to know the cause of her being suicidal.
You shouldn't feel bad.
TIL request: I have telepathic superpowers!
Damn straight.
All these people just wanna cuddle everyone who threatens suicide, but that only makes the problem worse.
When you feed the begging dog, it's gonna beg some more.
Like you said, if someone is truly suicidal, then either they'll come to you for help, or just do it.
None of this "oh my life is the worst life I'm gonna kill myself everyone" bullshit.
The proverbial, uneducated response every time suicide is mentioned anywhere.
I used to be friends with this girl.
None of her attempts were sincere.
She used it as a tactic to keep him.
I consider the suicide a truly selfish act.
I consider those who threaten to commit suicide truly selfish and the lowest of beings.
And occupants of those vehicles, obviously.
This sounds very defensible.
That's hilarious, I hope everything goes well for you.
It's not uneducated.
It's from personal experience.
Every single person I've come across who's threatened with suicide was doing it for attention.
Ex.
If you break up with me I'll kill myself.
Or, if you leave me I'm going to drown myself in the bathtub.
The one person who I know did commit suicide didn't say anything.
They didn't use it as a threat or really bring it up.
They waited till their family was gone, and hung them selves in the garage.
They were serious about it, and did it.
No threats, just action.
who's truly suicidal won't use it as a manipulative tactic.
They might try talking to someone, or not.
Axe-girlfriend sounds like some sort of dwarven relationship.
on how much bleach was in the rag, it might not do anything.
If it DOES bleach it, try to re-dye it with leather dye.
I think you did a really good thing no matter what the police say.
she will thank you for it someday.
This is fucking awesome!
U need to video tape this shit.
You potentially saved a few lives, or at least some crippling injuries.
I think that's the protocol (aka protocol).
Neat stuff.
It's only 8-10% effective, but that's a hell of a lot better than "nope, you're going to die no matter what".
Isn't pepper spray illegal?
BA-DUM-TSS!
If your industry is IT, you will be sitting on reddit like its your job ...I promise.
BECAUSE NOTHING SHE DOES IS EVER GOOD ENOUGH!
Sounds like she isn't right in her own eyes
She'll never be able to look in your eyes because they're permashut.
Sorry, couldn't help it.
You did the right thing and you deserve forgiveness and upvotes.
to what many people believe, police officers are not known for knowing the law very well.
A jury (or a judge), basing their decision on the body of law and common legal precedent, have the last word.
In any case, it was the moral thing to do, so don't feel too bad about this.
making strangers feel good is a particular skill of yours, I'd imagine joyriding in a stolen Benz made fuckface pretty happy.
Lol teenagers.
on where you live.
There is police-grade pepper spray that is more powerful (and, of course, exclusive to cops), but pepper spray in general is legal for self-defense in many places.
How the fuck did your boss get your Reddit username?
I still don't know.
I think someone in IT saw the post on my user page the next day and ratted me out.
He probably thinks you're crazy too if he thought that was real...
Yeah, that's the one.
Can I axe you a question about your ex?
her ex-bf pepper sprayed her.
She might have a cylon telling her how awful she is, inside her head.
I see the hinting you did with your choice of expletive O.o
Wish I could tell you.
Even though she's morphed into a rampaging manipulative psycho, I'm not going to do that because it could compromise our privacy.
it to say, the reason is irreversible; no one can change it.
Pepper spray is completley illegal in the UK, I was just making sure.
it's a new iphone case!
I knew 3 people who committed suicide.
2 gave warnings.
1 even checked himself into a mental hospital but they threw him out saying he wasn't serious...
concerns, I understand.
I wish you the best in future attempts to help her.
Also, in regards to her charging you she may have trouble considering courts don't recognize suicidal people as being 'of sound mind'.
You should be okay there.
Also, if you call the suicide helpline they will help you help her.
I have called them before for a former roommate, they helped me save him twice, he eventually did kill himself but that was months later after he had stopped talking to me...
It's a long story...
Ix not nexexary.
oy thanks for the advice, man.
I tried calling a friend I knew would pick up who knew both of us and the situation, had dealt with this kind of stuff.
My ex was sitting on the ground at that point, crying, heavy breathing and she got up and ran while I was on the phone receiving good advice.
"future attempts!" lololololol
I'm feeling a lot better today!
Make beer goggles all the more alarming, doesn't it?
depression and incurable health issues.
Thanks Sarah!
She might, she might not..
I'm glad she's alive, at least.
Yeah, I bought it at Army and the cops gave it back to me when they let me out of the squad car.
The cop gave me this whole "are you a psychologist?
no no listen, are you a psychologist?
you're educated, right, went to high school?
college?
pepper spray is assault, okay, you've committed a crime.
misdemeanor offense okay." schpiel.
I knew he was just playing bad cop because I was crying (she hadn't been found at this point) and the dude couldn't look me in the eyes.
Am I the only one who had to google "Jack White"?
Wrong subreddit because you didn't fuck.
Good job mate, you did the right thing.
And don't worry the wrong subreddit comment, just trying to emphasize the point that you did the right thing.
Have you called a suicide hotline or authorities about her suicidal tendencies?
This is also why you don't post controversial things on your .
Sorry this happened to you, man, and I hope another opportunity comes around :/
you didn't react like (
As a fellow life-long procrastinator, I'll share with you some tips for overcoming the endless cycle of procrastination - anxiety - procrastination ...
But later.
Right now, I need to just nap.
That's actually why the police showed up.
ha, thanks man.
I did fuck, though; she was my girlfriend for awhile.
Did you pass?
My assumption is no, given that I crashed hard enough to require a hospital trip ;)
That said though, haven't really thought about it.
I mean technically it might be possible?
shrugs either way, I'll not be riding for a good few months anyway now, but I may enquire.
Fuck now I'm hungry
royalty!
Kansas, packs are anywhere from 4.20 to 4.80
That is envy inducing.
I like whores.
Bugger indeed.
You need to 5150 that girl.
Well, to be fair it sounds like the sort of crash that was just unlucky and not down to your negligence plus you did so well the rest of the test.
So is it just a one day course then you take the test?
This happened to me when I was petting my dog.
I started to stroke her backwards without looking and jammed my finger right up in there D: It was awful.
The smell stayed there for days.
The worst part is that nobody believed me because they said that was something you "could only do on purpose."
My whole family thinks I'm a freak ;;
You did the right thing by saving her, but why the hell would you use pepper-spray?
I don't know why you posted this (threads confuse me at times) but damnit now I must have pizza.
What are you even trying to say?
You know it's possible to do both right?
I'm a living piece of evidence.
Yeah cause like, fuck grabbing her and taking her to the hospital or something reasonable.
Fucked people tend to attract other fucked people so its no surprise you two were in a relationship, I guess.
You're lucky she's not pressing charges.
OK, now down vote away, Reddit.
Do you even speak ?
...when were you last hugged?
Sucky.
Hoping he reads your post termination posts for redemption points?
I hope you get them.
Just in case:
HEY BOSSMAN!
This is how we communicate.
You do it too in different forums.
Did you tell anyone about this incident from your own perspective?
There, you fail.
One day course - It's a legal requirement in the UK to take it in order to ride a motorbike on the road by yourself.
It's what you need before you can have your learner plates :)
It's not so much a test per se, it's training - intended to ensure you're competent.
If at the end of the day the instructor isn't happy that you'd be safe on the road, you'll need to recomplete the training.
I'll wait and see what happens, but I won't hold my hopes up ;)
That's gay
What's her phone number?
I've dated some pretty crazy women thinking 'nonono, you're doing life wrong let me show you'.
Turns out you can't fix crazy.
Must go back to face your demons!
Holy shit, that top one just looks like some kind of fucking nuclear holocaust or something.
Fuck it, you would have hated that job eventually anyway.
I did hate it, but I needed the internship.
Just trying to be the OP that delivers.
I have a abnormal immune system which means that sometimes my body overreacts in crazy ways to things.
Poison Ivy is one of those things.
I got it on my hands and they swelled and blistered to the point that my fingers were pushed apart to the maximum distance that the skin would allow.
The end result being that I melted most of the skin off of my hands and still had crazy over the top poison ivy.
So when I say that bleach can melt skin, please understand that I am speaking from experience rather than just talking out my ass.
I once dated a guy who had problems that made him depressed.
Months after we broke up, he hated me and the fact that I seemed totally ok.
I tried to talk to him, but he just argued with me.
Then one day he told my best friend that he was going to kill everyone that ever hurt him.
part is that he had a gun.
I wish I had pepper spray.
Edit: Time.
Whoa are you okay?
is this going on right now?
At least get him to switch to mxe.
It is safer and easier to buy.
rude crude and not a dude
You are much more manly now.
Get a fucking cigar and show off your Scars at that party
This happened two years ago, thank God.
I'm fine at the moment, but along with him being depressed there was a lot wrong with him that really messed me up and brought me down with him.
But I totally feel you on the suicidal/depressed ex.
He was and probably still is like this now.
But he deleted me and blocked me everywhere, so my friends end up complaining about it.
I think part of riding a bike is being expectant of all the nasty shit that can happen to you from the road and other road users.
Just remember you're nothing compared to other vehicles in an accident.
See this as a lesson that'll help you in future to keep a cool head and stay safe.
BUGGAH!
Hated my internship too.
reddit whenever possible.
I had a cubicle in a secluded corner.
Dude hydroplaning is an extraordinary circumstance.
If you wanna ride a bike, you've already had a worse experience than most other bikers.
Keep doin it man!
TIFU request: the mod that first allowed TIFU requests
Do a barrel roll!
what makes you so sure you're doing it right?
I don't think I've ever hydroplaned on a bike, even riding takeoffs.
Sure, sliding the back end all over under power but not hydroplaning...
Having purpose, drive, comfort, passion, contentedness.
It's up to the individual to define the purpose of life.
I can't say I'm doing it right but I can identify when someone is doing it wrong.
I'm sure you can too.
Next time...
say it, don't spray it.
just checking :)
I had to look up the dirty acronym:
lol have an upvote
From someone who's planning on doing their CBT sometime in the next few weeks... yikes!
At first, I was wondering what's so dirty about cognitive behavioral therapy.
Then I was like "oh yeah, junk pain!"
for the phrase "violent and plentiful diarrhea".
Don't worry, you just made me laugh so hard I pissed my pants.
the space-time continuum
Pizza delivery!
Now I get it!
I know that feel, broseph.
You sure your ex gf isn't a dog?
If you replace "ex-girlfriend" with "dog" this story makes a lot more sense.
Well I doubt deadly force is warranted in preventing suicide attempts.
I once dated a fat guy who was very insecure about his weight.
He somehow managed to interpret 'your weight is not really a problem to me apart from the fact that you're not very healthy' as 'I am disgusted by your man boobs'.
I got dumped.
That's the greatest gif of all time!
This happens all the time, don't worry about it haha.
Doesn't seem so bad, you'll both probably laugh about it pretty soon.
Just make a move already!
If he's resigned to being single, he probably doesn't realize you're interested in more than hooking up.
It probably won't ruin the finish.
It was likely very diluted.
It may, however, dry the leather out.
the leather might not be a bad idea.
Well that's one way to handle a suicidal crazy ex I suppose.
Not a job site dude.
I almost did the same thing today at work, but made it to the stall, ripped down my pants, and got the aim right about half way down.
It sounded like someone pointed a garden hose into a half full bucket.
there was no back splatter.
Sorry your experience was less successful.
Jesus, seems like we're having a lot of shat pants here in lately.
Do you guys all have IBS or something?
Get her help.
I'll use this opportunity to share a similar story.
It is quite long.
I regretted my decision afterwards for a really long time.
but i think i've come to terms with it.
I was in brooklyn visiting prospective colleges with my parents when i was 16.
and one evening around sundown, my dad and i decided to get some sandwiches.
I tell him i'm going to eat it in prospect park.
I found a nice place to sit and enjoy my food where nearby a group of people in their early 20's were throwing a frisbee around.
The whole time, and for much of the entire college tour, I had been contemplating my ability to live in the moment and put myself out there.
It was one of those important weeks in the development of my personhood.
So i'm like, okay, after this bite, i'll go over and ask to play with them...
no wait, a little longer, I totally will.
Then the frisbee comes flying my way and lands about 15 feet away from me.
My heart starts racing and my body starts to get up.
But one of them runs and retrieves it before I can muster the confidence to ask to join.
This isn't the fuck up though- this is just a preface to show what kind of kid I was at the time and how much it was on my mind.
So I finish my sandwich and head back out of the park, disappointed in myself.
I spot a trashcan and make my way to it, only to catch the eye of two girls walking towards me arm in arm.
At first I didn't expect they noticed me, but as they got closer, it was clear they were smiling at me.
One was a petite brunette with very fair skin.
The other a slightly more mature asian girl- both very cute.
"Hi" they said.
I gave a wary hello back to them and asked whats up or something.
(my memory is a little hazy) They tried some small talk with me and I was responding well enough.
My problem wasn't holding conversation with people, it was starting it.
They ask me how old I am and I tell them 16.
"And how old are you two?" They smile at each other hesitantly and say 16 as well.
, I notice they were with a group of several friends, two guys of which come over to size me up, acting like tough shit.
I ask them how old the girls were and they're like "yo, these gurls are man." and they promptly left the conversation.
So i'm like okay, hmm.
But we exchanged numbers before I left.
As I'm walking away I look up through the trees thinking to myself are you really walking away from this right now? The feeling has really stuck with me.
In part I suppose because it was neither the first nor last time I would have the exact thought.
But my body was more willing than my conscience and thus I walked some six odd blocks back to the hotel.
The whole thing was surreal because I was hyper aware that it was part my life, not of that moment but of the moments just behind me.
This was the reason I was displeased with my life.
thinking about what's behind me, never seizing the moment, just living pathetically in the past.
I got back to our room and acted like I wasn't bothered by something.
I started doodling thoughtlessly on my bed.
Then I got a call.
It was them.
They started berating me with questions about my sexual experience and past girlfriends, at which point I had had none.
But I wanted to seem cool so I lied to them.
My difficulty was that my parents were both within earshot.
The bathroom was in my wing of the room so they were constantly walking back and forth and I had to form my answers as ambiguously as possible.
They said "we want to have sex with you dumby.
Let's do it in a field in the park." I didn't believe them and told them just that.
But they insisted they were serious.
So there I lied, eyes focused through the darkness.
Asking myself why not now?
Start living right now.
You're not fucking living your life, you just shy away from anything real or exciting.
You have no stories.
You're a coward.
After hours of this and some serious logistic strategizing, I got up out of bed to put my clothes on.
But wouldn't you know it, the house was literally victorian era or some shit.
Every step caused the most obscenely loud creak in the floorboards.
lol, it would be a solid 3 second squeak, I kid you not.
It was actually cracking me up it was such a ridiculous situation.
Then I heard my dad getting up.
So I jumped back in bed and not 2 minutes later did he go to the bathroom.
The real mission impossible task was to get the keys off my parents nightstand...
and after those few steps I realized it was out of the question.
, it was in fact like 3 or 4 in the morning.
I ended up just falling asleep.
I was in a rue about it for a long while afterward.
What a fucking incredible experience that would have been.
Having a threesome in the night with two young girls?
As time passed though, I realized a few things.
They were most likely two bitches just trying to mess with me.
I could have just as easily lost my virginity to some crazed rapist.
And either way my parents would have flipped a bitch when they caught me.
TL;DR Could have fucked two adorable teens but voluntarily trapped myself in a creaky hotel room with my parents.
Don't really regret the decision anymore though.
EDIT: format
I like your username.
You're probably right, of course getting hit by a car is a lot deadlier than pepper spray so it's up for debate in this situation.
tomorrow you fucked up too.
walking 20 miles in one day is going to leave you a little sore.
Pepper spray, in my view, is hardly categorized as deadly force.
In my mind the OP is a saint.
Could he have handled it better?
But he did his best to help someone and it worked.
I just found the idea of someone shooting another with a gun or similar to prevent them from committing suicide hilarious.
I am a sick and twisted individual.
It's ok.
poop is funny!
misinformation.
I'm not going around the streets of major cities handing out pamphlets.
And if 100% of people I knew were blonde, then yes my logical assumption would be that every one would be blonde.
People who are truly suicidal don't use it as a manipulative tactic in a relationship to punish or keep their partner.
Maybe he wasn't serious.
TIFU: so hard at a TIFU post that I pissed my pants.
Couldn't salvage my TMNT underwear.
and point taken.
And I have my motorcycle range test tomorrow myself.
Here's hoping I fair better than this.
There isn't anyone I know that rides that hasn't put every bike they own down at one point or another...
It isn't a matter of how, or what you do, but when.
At least it was your fault - 90% of the time, you don't see it coming.
so what dude you're gonna let one bad banana put you off the whole fruit?
don't be a pussy.
you're gonna miss out on a lot of potassium for what just a couple hours of vomiting.
I'm ashamed to use the same subreddit as you.
To be honest, I don't give a shit.
It was an internship, I completed my requirements for the school and I was only there as a volunteer.
Oh well, at least you got some karma for pepper spraying your suicidal ex, right?
I'm not mad like it may seem, I just wish I was there to witness the hilarity.
"slapped his daughter's boob"
The images my mind just showed me, I haven't laughed this hard since the last time I visited
Took me forever to figure out what the fuck that emoticon was doing.
Thanks for that, you provoked a proper laugh here :)
I've already had some mates say "Whelp, you're a proper biker now!" hehe.
Good suggestion but [I'd already asked there for advice]( :)
There's no weight limit on guys going topless..
what's the difference?
It shouldn't be a sexual thing.
( anyone?
I LAUGHED AT YOUR MISFORTUNE
on the context, but I would say something like "Hey man, what's up?" and consider it neutral.
Think man as in mankind, not man as in male.
As did I.
I applaud your wonderful sense of humor!
I was once giving my husband head, and right at the moment when he came our 3rd partner (we were in a 3 person marriage for 8yrs) said something super funny.
I guess they'd planned it ahead of time to see if the inevitable would happen.
It did, and I ended up with his cum bubbling out my nose from laughing.
They thought it was fucking hysterical, but damn it burned.
Been riding motorcycles for years and they do not hydroplane "aqua plane"
He knows you better than that.
Stop it.
Yes, it does burn!
It also gave me a migraine.
I always get migraines when liquid goes up my nose.
Then again, not sure if cum is considered liquid.
Must be one of those "solid/liquid" contradictions.
Be thankful it didn't get in your sinuses
Um, yes, I did use the term 'aquaplaning', not hydro.
you realize your mistake as you post this at work
haha about 4 months ago, I decided I wanted a motorcycle.
I bought one, and had a friend ride it home for me.
I signed up for a motorcycle training class that was due to start about a month later.
I got sick of seeing my bike in the garage and not being able to ride it, so naturally, I decided I just HAD to ride it.
Hopped on, started it, popped it into gear, and (never having ridden before) gave it too much throttle.
Giving it too much throttle sent me flying backwards.
Flying backwards caused me to instinctively grip the handlebars.
This caused me to yank the throttle wide-open.
This caused me to drive the damn thing straight into the garage wall.
I didn't touch the bike again until after I passed the training class...
I hadn't thought of that before.
and have an upvote!
This story is better than the standard i-was-masturbating-but-my-dick-was-pointed-directly-at-my-face.
Now I want a boyfriend who cums !
me of the day my old roomate came into his eye.
Off topic but: is your username a reference to My Little Pony?
It is indeed.
Fuck dude, unlucky!
Yeah that's pretty much why I wanted the training before going out and getting a bike!
I take it you're a fair bit more settled on it now :)
I was actually quite happy to be learning on a day when it was really raining hard - learning in adverse conditions should turn me into a more competent and safer rider in general.
That said, I may wait for the weather to be a little better next time!
In response to your edit, this is a self-post.
You don't get karma for it.
Reddit isn't blocked at your job?
Well shit.
Maybe I could make this into a ragecomic..
Yeah, thanks.
I got that.
I'm making a ragecomic to go along with this post.
Please don't.
That stuff is fine and dandy in the appropriate subreddits, but most people don't like seeing rage comics all over the place.
I enjoyed your story, but personally I would have ignored it if it were a rage comic.
Would in the eye be worse?
question.
Did the same thing to my wife once, but never got the eye.
Very well, I suppose it wouldn't have done well anyway.
Thank you Obi Wan.
I can imagine getting jizzed in the eye would sting, but not worse than up the nose.
Since eyes react quickly when stuff is thrown, or "erected" into them by blinking I don't think it would be worse.
Fuck, I'm a guy and I wish I could cum .
I imagine it would lead to all sorts of awkward social situations.
, brotato
What did (s)he say?
sounds painful
How many blinks does it take to cross 8 lanes?
I go now good luck everybody else!
out another animal is a very fluttershy thing to do I say.
GOML, last week I jizzed in my mouth.
You're Going To LOVE MEifyou'reokaywiththat
It was six years or more ago, and the memory is rather colored by the sensation of cum burning through my sinuses, so I can't say I remember.
I'm sorry you got into such a sticky situation.
so did you feel like little swimmers were burrowing into your nasal canals?
"How old are you?" is an easy question to ask, and nobody takes offense to it until they're at least 30.
Not sure that "bad" will really ever come of it.
You'll get rejected a bunch of times, but who cares?
All sorts of awesome situations.
Go back to the pizza place and see if they found it.
she most likely got her phone through a provider at a discounted price.
Did she opt for insurance?
If so she could get a brand new phone for a minimal price.
So, colloquially, it's non gender specific, but technically it is?
's been there and everyone understands.
As long as you didn't make a mess and leave it for whoever because that's kinda fucked
"My boyfriend had told me he was going to take a leak about an hour earlier"
It took you an hour to get concerned that he wasn't done pissing?
Also, it took him an hour to ejaculate?
Before SRS turns up here to rape my butthole: No, I don't want to see that either.
I never point my dick directly at my face.
I usually point it in front of me.
Then I feel like I have a cannon.
The screen has taken heavy fire keyboard reports multiple keys killed in action
abort mission
2 hours?
Don't you have any arms or something?
Do you even speak speak French?
Try this: Say there.
Now say they're.
Now say their.
Now say hippopotamus.
Now say paraphernalia.
Yes, I speak French.
I am typing this from France right now.
You have the entire internet at your disposal.
Use some talking dictionaries (or basic ones with transcriptions) and look it up.
It's the farting that's key.
That's all you got?
You're pathetic.
I'm actually a genius.
You however aren't.
I've looked at what you've submitted.
It's nothing but repeats and nothing original.
You're a waste of space.
Ugly?
That couch is now pimp, son.
Go with the flow.
very little is actually blocked there surprisingly.
i've worked at places where they block almost everything and that gets annoying quick.
they blocked all blogs which sucks when you are searching for a solution to a problem at work (i'm a sys admin) and the guy who seems to know the answer put it on his blog.
I can answer this.
It happened to me yesterday.
I was giving my boyfriend a blow job.
He will normally pull out and cum on my face but I can usually tell when it's about to happen based on his noises, actions, him telling me, etc.
but not that time.
He had taken his penis out of my mouth and I figured he was finishing.
But I didn't feel anything for about fifteen seconds so I opened my eyes to see what was going on.
At that exact moment, I see his cum shooting at my face at about 750 mph.
Time then started moving in slow motion and as his semen was slowly moving toward my face, my life flashed before my eyes.
I quickly tried to close my eyes and prepare for the sticky mess but I was too late.
It was already there and I had managed to trap it in by closing my eye.
I immediately started cracking up and my boyfriend looked horrified.
He was apologizing profusely while I told him it was okay.
I hopped in the shower to clean up, put some eye drops in, and then proceeded to have sex with him with one eye closed.
It went..
So you're telling me that if you hear someone say "There" you will genuinely be unable to tell which of the their, there, they're it is?
Maybe it's just me, but I can always tell a difference between them.
I can, on the other hand, not heat a difference between axe and ex.
Though to be fair, when talking about an axe, the context, I feel, should be enough.
you meant ingests.
imbibes is 'drinks'
: Gabon
That was a shitty situation.
If you want to put spaces in between words in superscript, you just put a caret in fromt of each word.
Are you no longer in that marriage?
Hate to be that guy, but apparently it was a (
proceeded to have sex with him with one eye closed.
Wait, you then went on to have Pirate sex?
Well, I deserved it after giving him head and taking a load in the eye, right?
Must be one of those "solid/liquid" contradictions
i wonder if it was really cum?
EDIT: same thing weirder:
I'm no expert on polyamory, but from subtle context clues like the past tense "we were in a 3 person marriage..." I surmise he or she is not still therein.
Yeah, I suppose, huh?
Afraid not.
I envy your polyamorous relationship.
I envy your relationship period, actually.
Why the hell would you randomly start jerking off when you're home alone with your girlfriend?
That's her job.
I felt pretty crappy.
Yours is very nice as well.
Reddit makes you deaf to the world in these situations.
I figure one just rage quits and it turns normal.
Send .
Please elaborate.
You and your boyfriend are alone for over an hour and he faps ALONE..?
What is this I don't even...
I don't know him but I think she's one of those people who constantly ignores every logical reason coming thru her just because she's completely convinced herself otherwise.
The fact that a song like that even exists makes me face palm.
UPDATE: We all hung out again last night and he wanted me to stay over, so I guess he wasn't bothered by my dumbassidness at the pool.
That's actually not bad.
You can get leather dye.
It's a pretty easy and inexpensive fix.
Anyone else but Avenue Q and i'd agree with you.
He's very shy, that's one of the things I love about him.
I kinda enjoy my sperm.
Id like to have kids one day.
If I could cum flavor, I'd pay to have some frozen.
flavored sperm is incompatible with fertility.
Funny, but kinda strange that he would fap with you right there...
This sounds fake.
Also, not exactly a fuck up.
Maybe you could just have little starburst children.
Why didn't you just try to restrain her instead?
Why pepper spray?
Just wondering
Gotta make em used to it for middle school and high school anyway
This needs to be answered..
For what it's worth, you're getting comment karma.
obligatory risky click statement
But you didn't actually answer the question.
Did you get cum up your nose for comparison?
No worries, if you both like each other you'll work something out.
And that, little brother is how I met your mother.
that I've never done.
How in the world did that come about?
It's fine, once you both get out of middle school it'll sort itself out.
Happy fourth of July!
You're a winner in my book, Bubba.
Look, all Reddit snarkiness aside, I promise you that there, their, and they're are perfect homophones, and that axe and ex have different vowel sounds.
If you look up the words and their transcriptions, you will see this.
I assume you're not a native speaker, but trust us native .
Thus, I promise you that you can't hear a difference when native say them, because there ain't none.
EDIT: do not respond to this post without having looked up the relevant transcriptions.
The fact that you enjoy your bf cumming on you're face is amazing.
I wish my gf accepted it more, I got away once or twice with doing that but she absolutely hated it.
I remember one time she told me it was ok to but she decided that night to wear a black sweat shirt which I completely for some reason forgot about while she was giving me head.
Well anyways cum went every were as I had a lot built up.
She cleaned up and we proceeded to join her parents for dinner.
Well half way through dinner I noticed a big dry area of cum on her shoulder bone area.
I dont think her parents noticed and I hope they assumed it was just nose snot.
It was dry and almost looked like she wiped her nose or something so it wasn't like obvious.
I pointed it out later and she turned red.
She told me thats why she hated facials.
Oh damn, that makes it so much easier.
I gotta ask, why is dating not allowed?
I'm guessing this is a rule set down by the owner of the store?
you may have overreacted, but he has terrible communication skills.
"...whats that smell?"
One more thing that he can take off his bucket list.
I ate an apple a few weeks ago.
Upon finishing it, my throat began to tighten, and I could no longer swallow.
I don't know what happened, but I was stuck on a train for 3 hours.
I tried to remain calm, and it went away after about 45 minutes.
I'm guessing that perhaps I was allergic to something on the apple, I didn't get a chance to wash it.
"We need to talk" and "we should just be friends" are not what you say to a girl you want to date.
...Unless this is maybe one of the secrets to being an asshole and making girls like you.
Yeah but that was an MLB throw...it would have sunk a hole in plaster.
I forget who I throw too...now he may not have kids...lol about the school part.
night night...
keep your booty hole tight
I dunno.
I still say that I can always tell between there and they're.
I've never been in a position where I was confused as to which of the words someone used.
I have, on the other hand, confused axe with ex a surprising amount of times.
Stop texting, start talking.
You can tell the difference from context, not pronunciation.
I never confuse them aurally, because I speak .
And if you confuse axe and ex, your pronunciation isn't good.
No, I mean have you ever heard people talking in the mall and they mention how bad their ex smells and you wonder which one they are talking about?
Or when a friend of yours mentions that their axe got out of control at the bbq.
You see the problem?
...Why exactly was he fapping alone when you were there?
problems..?
I meant "there/their/they're" is only from context---"axe/ex" is 100% easy to distinguish aurally.
Again, your aural skills need sharpening.
with some natives.
bear
I should hope they all don't bare their ink, sometimes it's in private places.
4 hours is a huge delay?
Was this a life saving, brain tumor removal?
Are you posting this from the afterlife?
So..what film did everyone go to see?
Was it Spider Man?
I bet it was Spider Man.
upvote for stanky blankies.
I ate part of a baby carrot prior to my surgery.
It made absolutely no difference.
Your mom should have kept her mouth shut.
One tiny little MM would've made zero difference.
It would've made the same difference as swallowing a bit of your toothpaste when you brushed your teeth.
I know, b/c I asked after things were over.
How did he know it was you?
Couldn't you ,idk, have denied it?
Pardon my ignorance, but what's a self-post?
Is that what posting on your own thread is considered, or...?
At least it's not like you had left just on your computer at work.
That could've been way more awkward.
truer words have never been spoken.
7 seconds.
Well look at it this way, at least it wasn't a Junior Mint.
Edit: I got my refreshing chocolate snacks mixed up.
wouldn't have been a huge issue unless your surgery was somehow intestinal.
But what do I know.
Hope it went well.
Mine was an emergency appendectomy, I had forced myself to eat a chicken sandwich 8 hrs earlier.
The knockout doc said "WE ARE DOING THIS ONE FULL!" to all the other docs.
You know, normally I'd let loose with both barrels for the ol' drinking and driving.
But you know what?
No point.
You already know you screwed up.
So, instead I am going to wish you luck in resolving this and hope that you will be able to move forward with limited inconvenience.
Junior mint?
It matters to the .
Thank you for pointing that out.
"Slow clap" followed by thunderous applause
I wasn't sure it was a reference.
Lying to cover up your mistakes just makes you a liar on top of a drunk.
Stop drinking so much.
Were they open back headphones?
I prefer open backs because they seem to carry a better sound, but yeah you gotta be careful with that sound isolation.
Why can you not eat before a surgery?
The whole purpose of not eating is so you don't throw anything up when they put the tubes down your throat.
You're not supposed to eat or drink after midnight the day of the surgery because they don't want you potentially aspirating the food or drink in your stomach and suffocating.
The anesthesiologist explained it to me when I went under for my wisdom tooth removal.
I wish I could cum so my wife would go down on me more often.
"a few after work drinks" (
Thanks for the reply!
It's a technical liability but not a really legitimate medical concern.
One mm is nothing it's just a bullshit excuse because of overinflated concern for potential liabilities.
I had anal sex one time when I shouldn't have.
Ended up with poop on his foot.
WE NEED FEMALES IN HERE, STAT.
I upvoted you not because I think you fucked up, but because I like your username.
making a text post.
You only get karma when you submit a link
That is all :D
, the only person that was punished for this was you and as you acknowledge, rightfully so.
Glad you are taking the punishment well and hope everything else works it way out for you.
It was a peanut mm too, marginally more dangerous than a plain one because of those 'sharp' peanuts
Oh, Maine staties.
As a fellow Mainer, know that I fully understand just how big of assholes our state troopers are.
1 mm.
would happen.
They just do not want you to shit on the operating table.
Unless you were having a very specific stomach surgery.
When I get a full on boner, I can't piss if my life depends on it.
I ate a cookie before a dentist appointment and got put under for some procedure I can't remember only to wake up puking and the dentist forcing some mouthwash on me.
His office never told me no food.
I stopped at one.
He who smelt it...
wait, no
You could try pulling a Barney : Can't get a girl pregnant?
That's the dream!
I'm not saying "hey it's ok to chow down on a big mac before surgery".
You really shouldn't eat anything b/c of the possibility of regurgitation during surgery, and you choking.
But really, what's there to regurgitate with one little, chocolate, circle that's smaller than the amount off toothpaste a toddler would use?
Well yes, back In the day when they made you drink a bottle of liquor, strapped you to a table, and sawed off your arm because you had stomach cramps
, you lived through the experience.
Any difficulties because of having eaten?
You F'ed up.
You've got a lawyer or a public defender right?
Maybe you can strike up a deal where you admit your stupidity and you do community service ,but you get to keep your license.
Try to explain how you really, really, need this job.
Maybe they could just skip to restricted for a longer period of time.
And never,ever do this again.
No matter how OK, you think you are, you're not.
IMO it's best not to do anything requiring cognitive thought w/in the last 6-8 (the longer the better) of your last alcoholic beverage.
First time I ever had anal sex, with the woman who eventually became my ex-wife, my dick came out cover in so much poo!
It was only much later, after we were married, that we tried anal sex again.
They didn't mention anything, surgery took half hour longer than expected but I don't know why.
Those stomach cramps were obviously demons that needed to be casted out someway
Sorry man, you broke rule number one, please repost, starting with TIFU:
If you want to salvage, make the effort.
You needn't apologize for your skepticism-that's a reasonable thing.
And they tell you that whether you are scheduled for surgery at 800am, or 400pm.
to be honest, I'm not even going to try to salvage it.
I was pretty much cheesed off by her attitude towards my friend's scepticism, because it absolutely reeked of butthurt.
Or noon.
I figure it's probably a matter of eliminating as many variables as possible.
Why so?
Today your mom fucked up by not keeping her mouth shut.
It's to prevent regurgitation and aspiration if you're sedated.
I would always have coffee before any procedures but would lie, knowing that my stomach would be empty before anything happened.
I'm an RN
Or, perhaps, all of these things are possible.
Part of the reason for anaesthesia is to relax the patient, after all.
So it's reasonable to think that the valves which keep food in the stomach (rather than in the lungs) and the rectal sphincter would release...
...and hilarity would ensue.
At risk of being a little cynical, given that that's all it took to cut it off, I don't know how phenomenal it would have turned out if it worked.
Oh, I see now.
You just can't win that sort of argument.
How about this-cool off for a couple of days and see how things stand?
It seems she is/was just too close to the issue and took personally things not meant to be personal.
Unless you just really think the situation warrants not doing so.
It's easy for me to say these things not being involved...
Dunno.
How do I apply to be his apprentice?
Did this with a half a banana before childbirth.
Ended up needed a c-section that 1/2 banana cost me 5 extra hours.
I was really nauseous after coming up after getting my wisdom teeth out.
If I had eaten anything I would have vomited
I don't know, that argument took place weeks ago, and she had been a vegetarian for months before that.
Even then, she still took quite a bit of offense to anti-vegetarian jokes, and was badmouthing meat-eating animal lovers.
I personally don't think she'll have cooled down by now.
I guess you can't fix stupid.
;-) Have a sympathy upvote.
haha fucking gold
change your reddit name first.
You are not a horse.
Merci beaucoup.
You can thank lawyers for your delay.
Hooray litigious !
Other way around: If you puke, there's a chance you'll choke, or worse, aspirate your vomit.
To be honest I'm people shitting themselves on the operating table is pretty common by comparison.
to me, that makes 4 hours a very very lucky and short delay.
If they couldn't have moved any surgeries around and if the schedule was packed it could have been a 6+ month delay!
OP is lucky
Upvote for "poop juice".
I've watched my wife shit on a table twice...
No shits were given (pun intended, I apoolagize)
Not poo related but I told them I had to pee while I was wheeled down the hall and they said "dont worry, the catheter will take care of that."
The truth lies at the bottom of the page.
Who eats ONE MM?
I always end up eating like 20!
IIRC, there is a provision for allowing people with suspended licenses to drive to and from work under some sort of temporary permit.
Mark Renton?
I've always understood that the issue is that you could vomit while being unconscious and inhale it.
Then, you can end up with aspiration pneumonia.
"Forgot"...I see what you did there...
Way to spice up your relationship
Did they tell her that she didn't?
I've heard that docs tell women that it didn't happen to them, but it did.
It did.
I watched but deny :( they told her nothing but she knew the first time
Edit; she knows she did, no doc said anything but she doesn't care, she knew it would happen.
As I said, the doctors could have just been pulling my leg.
When I woke up from the surgery once a nurse had let me convince myself everyone was hummingbirds.
They give out some pretty good drugs.
Yes, I have.
It hurts in a different way.
Lasts longer by the eye was definitely painful.
They put you under for a c/s?
Why not spinal?
classic
no chance.
I seen the legal process for a few DUIs.
DUI punishments are precise and never change.
no getting off easy.
probably a good thing.
that little bit can cause you to lose a third of one of your lungs (even if it doesn't kill you), may even do more damage depends on food/process of events that occur
The INSTANT you go into a coma I bet you fart.
I need a doctor to confirm or deny this.
To be honest I'm people shitting themselves
has a global effect on your body, suppressing your reflexes including those that help keep your food down.
I'm people shitting themselves
AMA!
Then I can't possibly blame you for failing your test of will.
I still threw up visible pieces of my dinner 12 hours (was scheduled for a 8am surgery) after my surgery despite that rule.
It's not perfect.
I was given magnesium (to prevent seizures due to eclampsia) and 30 minutes later I was given a epidural.
they affected me very badly.
my blood pressure into the single digits, most terrifying experience of my life.
I was never "put under" but they did delay my surgery because of that 1/2 banana, I guess on the off chance that they had to?
They ended up giving me hallucinogenics to combat all the pain I was having that they couldn't stop.
that sounds like a pretty sticky situation.
I really doubt that.
Well, looks like you're a little screwed.
Got a bike?
You can fix that rather easily though.
IT's leather.
Redye the hole couch if it messes up.
You STOPPED watching explosives?
THE FUCK
Did you access reddit from work?
If so, you deserve it.
You seem to be sad that you can't correct me because I know that I'm right and am ready to go to any lengths to prove it.
Don't worry, this will never affect you.
Just don't mix there and they're, sometimes it causes awkward questions.
Should be like a fucking bad luck brian or some shit
I didn't know it could blow up!
There's no way I would try it had I known.
away saved me from being badly burned though.
It's fine, just go ask literally anyone else.
this isn't
everything.
They have less painful procedures for that.
Now that he's okay I can finally admit that it was funny as hell.
Yes, the trouble is that Hawaii is very close to the southern hemisphere so you have to use southern hemisphere toilet rules because the toilets flow backwards.
MAITRE D: And finally, monsieur, a wafer-thin mint.
CREOSOTE: Nah.
MAITRE D: Oh, sir, it's only a tiny, little, thin one.
Done so through text and no actual speaking.
shit happens, bro
penispenispenispenis
That is significantly larger than a regular MM.
This is really not a matter of luck...
You're mixing flamable things and it never occured to you?
lolololol
Glad you're not dead
who was told not to.
I had a surgery at 6pm a few months ago.
My rule was no food after midnight, no water after 10am.
on your PhD!!!
PhD holders are not M.D's.
You know that right?
I didn't want to eat either, it was more that I hadn't eaten and thought I was just sick so I shoved a sandwich down my throat.
Sir, you get that upvote on the basis of the 'hot sexy transformers underwear' comment alone.
She just did you a huge favor.
He needs to masturbate more.
I think they just call that .
That must be nice.
This reminded me..
one time i was giving my boyfriend a bj, I timed my breathing wrong and right when he came i took a much needed breath in through my nose ...
i pretty much almost drowned myself with his cum.
I could not stop coughing and my eyes were all watery.
Cum stuck in your nasal cavity is no fun.
How do you know that?
whats your insurance?
Call the insurance company, your rates will go up.
Or just pay for the damage.
You shouldn't be drinking underage and stop going to parties like that.
She's your EX girlfriend.
If she wants to off herself, let her.
She'll be another Darwin Awards winner.
Stop trying to save people.
Today on " than a 5th Grader" Jeff : We have a man here who attempted to create a smoke bomb he found on the inturrnet.
Also: Sorry this happened OP and I know I am a terrible person for my joke.
I do know that.
And that's what I get for commenting upon awaking.
Stop drinking so much.
People like you is the reason why innocent people are killed in car accidents every year.
do a followup and tell us whether your sister is paralyzed for life now
I'd have to find my bill to see what they gave me, I don't know any of the names.
All I know is that during the surgery the pain meds they were using stopped being effective.
They couldn't try the epidural again for fear of another crash.
So the gave me something that made me trip out and have crazy awake dreams.
I remember them being weird but cool, but when talking to my mom she said I was basically freaking the f out the whole time begging for them to make it stop.
That sucks - how is she?
I use to buy potassium nitrate at a pharmacy years ago.
We would mix it with an equal ratio of white sugar.
The mix would teaspooned out into paper towels, rolled and taped.
I swear you'd light the paper towel and it would burn though a chain link fence (or so it seemed to 12 year old me).
Were you upset she gave you G2 or something?
What state do you live in?
Some states have programs for first time offenders with a low enough BAC.
It's annoying but you get the whole thing expunged...
Or a jolly rancher?
Did you maniacally laugh while she fell?
If you did noone who saw it will ever mess up with you.
, it's not implausible, though his explanation is wrong.
The slippery feeling is, as you say, skin oils being turned into soap.
with the skin already damaged by reaction to poison ivy.
Can cause permanent skin damage.
may include redness,
burning, and swelling of skin, burns, and other skin damage.
symptoms of skin contact may include: skin blistering,
hair loss, of this material into the body through the skin
is possible, but it is unlikely that this would result in harmful
effects during safe handling and use.
I would just say that you went to a party and someone did this to your car.
Ask your parents what the deductable is on your insurance, then go and get a quote on how much it would cost to fix.
If it is not too much more than your deductable, pay to have it fixed yourself and don't go through insurance.
If it is a lot more, then go through insurance.
No mention of alcohol on your part is necessary.
You sound and act like you're 9.
Hang around better people.
thats like a double pwn.
If OP doesn't respond I think we can safely assume they both died from internal bleeding.
Those drugs are pretty crazy.
I had a surgery a few years back and as the drugs were leaving my system after the operation it was like something out of a movie.
fade in from black
I'm lying down, staring up at a light.
A nurse bends over at looks at me but its fuzzy.
She says something but I can't make it out.
sudden fade to black
I feel some time passes
darkness goes away
I'm in a very squeaky wheelchair, being pushed down a hall.
I look to see who is pushing me but before I can do so...
fade to black
This went on for like 5 scenes.
Just a series of short clips of me being moved around.
And you know
Yes, in my case it was because there was a possibility of my intestines being nicked.
It's easier to clean up if there's nothing inside.
if your intestines has ANYTHING in them you could get an infection and things get severely complicated.
nothing went wrong and it was not an issue.
will only cover it if you have comprehensive.
Most people don't.
Most people only have collision, which means it only covers damage if you get in an accident while driving.
Likely what will end up happening is you're going to have to pay to fix it yourself.
Glad you made it through okay.
Yeah the elusive 4 year degree...
If you get every class you need every quarter without it being full or end up taking it with the shitty teacher, as well as take 15-18 credits a quarter.
I've been in college/grad school for 11 years...
Not a problem.
Yeah, I was hungry as hell when I woke up.
When they gave me a I was the happiest person alive.
The Joy of a !
Coming soon, to a theatre near you!
Never stopped me before.
But it didn't have a joke on the stick.
I was heavily medicated and knew only one way to fix this travesty: to tell jokes to the nurses.
jokes with miss-matched punch lines.
Your boyfriend has no game if he went off to crank one out while you were there.
bastards!
It has been over an hour.
We have done all that we could, I think it might be time to call it.
Oh man, that's hilarious.
I hope that's a true story, preferably a deathless one.
Let's have a fake online funeral for him.
It's the least we can do.
Sadly, I did not know axelblaise as well as I would have liked.
Would you care to say a few words?
This shit is pretty typical for teenagers and your rudeness is entirely unnecessary.
You just reminded me of that godforsaken story...
Dear Flying , we are gathered here to mourn the death of and his sister whom we can only guess he killed.
He was a great man who had an odd attraction to soulless gingers and gore filled subreddits.
Blah blah yadda yadda soul at rest, hope he gets lots of boobs and ice cream wherever he winds up.
R'amen.
R'amen.
Be glad all you did was yell.
people (even girls) can shake off drunken yelling since the brain loses all logic at that point.
And may I point out as well that you should be glad they drove you home.
If you ended up driving yourself it would have been DUI city for you.
Just apologize.
They might say "oh it's ok you were drunk" but deep down they'll appreciate the apology.
The artists don't like that because it can make objects that have a left/right orientation look wrong (or objects in a panel with text on them end up with backwards text on them).
Also, some artists swear that it makes otherwise unnoticeable errors in perspective or proportion visible, but I've never seen an example where I could tell.
Was she okay?
Dude that's nothing.
Some chick was telling me she was going to be deported.
Not sure why but I did.
yah, apologize now and be sure to make it up to them by buying them a round next time.
Being drunk is never an excuse for unclassiness to friends but its forgiveable.
Dial it down to 9 next time.
I'd personally quaff the ale
What happened to him?
He did kill himself later on...
You were listening to that while staring at a bunch of kids?
Pretty weird even if nothing went wrong.
It was the soothing, dulcet tones of Gary 's voice that persuaded me to listen to it.
The kids did not influence my song choice.
i honestly don't think you just ruined your life...people have one-night-stands all the time
This is a non-fault comprehensive loss.
Unless you have a ton of these in short period it won't cause your rates to go up as long as you have a decent company.
this is a shitty position because
A) you were drinking
B) you are underage
C) no one is fessing up
D) your parents don't know yet and you haven't told them
it is made somewhat better because
A) insurance under your parents
B) you're young and you have time to fix it
Go tell your parents right away.
Choose if you want them to be more upset about you drinking alcohol or fuckin up the car.
You're probably thinking "they don't need to know about the alcohol" but they probably know you drink already and they're gonna be pissed no matter what.
Go for the lighter punishment in admitting alcohol and play off the car damage as not your fault (which it isn't).
Then have your parents call insurance and say you were parked outside a house and someone just hit it.
Your parents insurance is gonna take a hit, but better than anything under yours.
on how your bumper works (some cars have bumpers that require moving panels to reinstall it) you might actually be better off not going by insurance.
You'll have a lot of research to do - no real way to get around it.
Then my work here is done.
He broke his neck and died.
Not so funny now, is it?
Don't know why he was downvoted.
I knew people from school who were like that from 6th grade to 12th grade.
DOUBLE KILL!
WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?
nah bro, if he gets a few more upvotes it might just save him!
R'aaameeen.
Holy shit is she okay?
it sucks man it took me a year almost to get over my x-gf and this was after she messed up and we hooked up a few times.
She went from being in love with me to a complete 180 with in a few days.
I tried like you did to call her or contact her and she just would shut everything out.
Well I havent talked to her in four years and this year she tried getting in contact with me to see how I was doing.
I've been doing absolutely amazing with out her in my life.
I have a new gf and I am kicking ass at my business.
she got in contact with me because her recent bf decided to beat her up pretty badly and throw her out in to the streets.
She asked if I could help her out because she was starving so I did.
I then once again tried to fix things for the hundredth time only to find out she was just going to shut me out again and drop all forms of contact.
I havent talked to her now in months.
holy fucking shit.
Don't sweat it, when it comes to motorcycles you WILL go down.
it's something you did, conditions are bad or another driver caused it, you will fall.
Just get better at riding and wear all the protective gear you can.
I am now even less certain that Fat Joe is alive.
My pom intentionally wiped her ass across my hand the other day and left a chunky skid on my hand.
:CCC
I was driving to a a friends place.
TT
[With no other options...I wiped it on her hair...](
She deserved it.
There are two things I wouldn't wish on anyone in the world: my two sisters.
Next time you get the urge, you can push either or both of them off any roof you like, just not near me.
So if you marry a marine you can be a lazy slob and not work?
Shit, I wish I had a vagina.
Worse, (
Sac tap tuesday...
Fuck the police.
Don't worry, we got your back...
you were on reddit the whooole time.
Nice try Gotye.
I want to downvote because the title made me think I'd see your injuries - far more interesting than the stupid beautiful slope you fucking somersaulted down.
asshole
I'm so happy that you cried over this.
:) Makes my life a little brighter.
Yeah, that's what I ended up doing.
They were forgiving but didn't exactly take it laughing.
Oh well, at least I didn't "shit on anyone while having sex" or "throw my mom's kindle in a lake".
Glad I found this subreddit.
I'm sorry to say this, but I would have fired you too.
In your post you say you want to tell him to go to hell and you imply that he is weak for being a republican theist.
Pretty disrespectful to the person you work for.
You didn't even apologize, you apologized that he didn't get the joke.
You need to maintain good relationships with the people you work with (especially your boss) or else the office sucks for everyone.
Poison people poison the office.
Even worse, one of the Rain flavors
Who the fuck pressures you into kissing in front of them?
What did she say?
Did she call you out?
Do you know what circlejerk is?
Pretty much mocks posts on the rest of reddit.
His comment about his boss wasnt legitimate
maybe things are better off without her.
It is very bad that her bf beat her and i give you respect, and an upvote for helping her out when she needed it but thats terrible she cut you off again so fast
Yup, now whenever I fuck up I compare it to stuff I see here and it seems pretty minor, yay.
your nickname as a reference to spaceman spiff rocks.
by a bit of friendly wrestling?
I knew someone in the same position as you.
They kissed, and then he went to the bathroom to get sick.
The poor guy and girl.
It's a first kiss though, it's not always going to be perfect.
In fact, most of the time, it wont be perfect.
So seriously, it's not that bad, don't worry!
That article doesn't support your claims though.
diseases are kind of rare in the first place so it's not a huge deal, but it's not insignificant.
She probably saw Taken.
And then you played "It sucks to be me", didn't you?
I cant help but think you ended that on the best possible terms.
She looks like a bitch and all her friends think you are such a sweetheart romantic.
over a relationship can be tough but the best way to fill a void is to replace it...with her best friend
thing is she was also I believe lying to me about being jobless.
Shes got me blocked on and I checked her account on another account I have (confusing lol sorry).
It said she worked at a Ruby which I asked her about when I talked to her on the phone.
She seemed confused and angry when I asked because she knew she was caught in a lie.
as a gay man, i'm sympathetic to your concern and slightly turned on
DM;BK?
He went to 11
Don't forget
Oh god not the rain flavors...
ANYTHING BUT THEM.
Doesn't matter; banged Kimbra?
Sorry, rehashing a fantasy of mine I guess.
Get a lawyer and you can probably get away with community service.
You can get a work permit to drive to work.
My friend is a lawyer who handles DUI cases in and says that the first one here is "basically a freebie."
Just say you learned a lot quickly :-)
Please do a better update in the morning.
wasn't the problem here.
afterwards was.
I think being Gotye is a bigger privilege than banging Kimora.
He probably has buttloads of money!
Who the hell throws people into pools anyways you ruin any electronics they might have in their pockets AND what if they dont know how to swim you just helped them drown
"Hey, don't put your finger there...
PUT YOUR FINGER THERE!"
fortheireyesonlynigga.avi
That's not a "friendship".
Yea telling a girl you like her should probably be done as quick as possible after that sudden realization...
I once ate a muffin immediately before a teeth cleaning.
I did not make that dentist's job easy.
I did not to be found.
someone with a real need for it found it and it made their day.
you could post on her wall again.
how she isn't the bitch you accidentally made her out to be.
Ask her permission first, of course.
You don't want to cause more damage.
She just assumed that you were lying?!
What you could own Stone or some shit.
Fuck her.
My company has done business with that company before.
The owner's name is August .
They are complete asshats.
I feel bad that a lot of people's July 4th was ruined.
, if it had to be a company...
I'm glad it was them.
They are deadbeats.
They contract people for services, then refuse to pay them.
They LOVE to throw their weight around with "do you know who I am?
Do you know how big my business is?"
I have never met anyone more disrespectful to people for no reason at all.
So in conclusion.
What goes around, comes around.
EDIT: His son is actually a lawyer I believe.
So daddy gets to use his son to threaten people.
Pull out a rag and ask her to smell it
You can't really tell, but I had a huge gash along this arm, and then lots of cuts up and down both my arms and legs.
I also had a gash along my side, and scratches, some deeper than others, all down my back.
, I didn't scratch up my face at all.
So I'm not an asshole, right?
I did my best :) It wasn't really something I particularly look back on and reminisce.
Ooh, once I was having gloriously loud sexytimes with my girlfriend, and I didn't know I still had my phone in my pocket.
It butt-dialed my mother of all people.
She heard EVERYTHING.
How's that for awkward?
That...was just so beautiful...
"For their eyes only, nigga"
He means "It's private"
I give you props for what you did.
I kinda had the same experience but I was just asking the girl out for the first time.
I was depressed about it for a while but then I watched How I Met Your Mother.
The episode was where Ted breaks up with Zoe after the is ruled not to be a landmark.
Anyway, I learned two things for that show: New is always better and one door has to close in order for another to open.
Doesn't your web browser do the squiggly red line when you're bad at spelling?
Also, what accent do you have?
(I know it's , more specific than that please :P) I re-read your post in a cockney accent because I like that one the best, but I'd like to be more accurate.
yes we do dont worry.
OP specifically states that they had a conversation about how the signs in the local language make it difficult to get around.
, when he proved that he did know the language, he was caught in his lie.
, he fucked up.
She just understood that she had been lied to earlier in the conversation.
He was being a bastard by lying to her.
She was acting as anyone who has been obviously lied to.
She could be a normal person or some shit.
Fuck people who lie to get an opening with someone.
Well...she was swimming earlier and still in her bikini.
The phone I didn't know she had on her.
I'm not saying it's not my fault, I know it is.
She deserved getting tackled off a roof, at the VERY least.
Dude, if you're lucky you'll get laid by a sympathetic girl out of it, shit.
This turned me on.
There's way more to consider than just that.
Was he done all that was required of him, and all that he could do at that point?
Then it's a per-company issue.
Some are fine with employees browsing the internet in their downtime, while others want their employees to always look "busy".
(Also, that's what he gets for going on )
I read that as "I live in a tutu with my wife."
dick in a glass of milk
Oh dear god dude.
I never want to know that feel.
For the record, Andrew WK recently decided it would be a good idea to touch a bunch of habaneros and then rub his face.
Here is the resulting image:
Sadly no, I hadn't even thought about that.
I took off my headphones, paused the song, put my things away in my bag and then just sat there patiently waiting for them to resume.
Not sure if I should go next time.
I wrote homonym at first, which is kinda the reverse of a homophone.
I was riding home one day, and it was raining like FUCK.
, I was riding in left side of the lane, just outside of the groove from car tires, and I guess I hit a pretty good puddle.
It felt like both tires seem to float.
haha It's hard to explain.
The back tire started to loose traction.
I just eased off, and continued uneventfully.
But definitely was a crazy feeling.
I was probably going faster than I should have been, and my tire was bald as fuck.
"aquaplaning" sounds way cooler though.
That is how I will say it now.
When in middle school one kid's family grew habaneros.
So, it was agreed that two would be brought to school and dared to be eaten in exchange for everyone watching to buy the victims ice cream to sooth the burn.
We weren't allowed to bring home grown foods to school after that.
I actually like all of those, however, the flavored one can go fuck itself.
Fuck that one.
Had it once in Austin and bought three or four bottles so I could share how awful it is.
I am not a good friend...
Dude if she doesn't even want to be your friend anymore, you shouldn't try to talk to her anymore.
I know it's hard but I know from my own personal experience that it's not worth it.
No, you're a great friend.
If you find something that horrible, it needs to be known, so it can be avoided.
Like the new Lime flavor...
blech.
Edit: Seems I thought there was a cucumber rain flavor before cucumber lime.
, cucumber needs to stay the hell out of my .
Wow what the fuck?
I never knew could do that much damage...
Hey, I got kicked off my work placement at a school because they found a picture of a nudey lady in my sketch book.
They shouldn't have been nosing through my sketchbook in the first place, but apparently I was more in the wrong.
I didn't really give a toss, because the school was a shithole, so I had a lucky escape really.
holy wall of text...
I prepared my trusty pickax and chicken sandwich...
time to dig thru
edit: okay that was a smooth ride, tough luck man, seriously though it sounds like a Drama movie!
fucking ridiculous if you'd ask me about the whole "lock down and cut off from family" bullshit seriously.
I'm myself and I find it's stupid that such thing exist and still continues to exist up to this day
best of luck and I hope you find someone who will fill that gap ;)
how did you break them
Well deserved...
coming from a natural liar myself...
I thought to myself that it was like a korean drama as well, except I don't expect a fairytale ending in this one.
She was suppose to meet the guy several times while we were together, each time she got into a shouting match with her parents and ran away to my place.
At the time I didn't know the exact reason she was running to my place, just that she was arguing with her parents.
I'm guessing from her parent's past experience with her, they legitimately fear she will run away with me.
everything might change if and when I actually see her, rationality might fly ouy the window again.
Since finding out she's met up with me, they've accelerated things and set up more meetings between the two families.
She's been a princess her whole life, before me she never cooked, never cleaned, never had a job, or any realistic dreams.
From my conversation with her bf that one time he took her phone, he seems extremely and insecure.
He said chinese people can never be friends with people they broke up with, that she's already his, and she can never see me again.
She's really indecision, saying she just wants her own life, but she can't live on her own, she can't live without her parents financial support, she can't live a poor life.
She's sent me messages saying she's unhappy with the situation, but she will bear with it as long as she can to keep her parents happy.
She said one day she might show up on my doorstep if she can no longer bear with it.
I worry that she will be unhappy, I really hope she will find happiness.
My heart is at peace, I'm not tortured by the fact she isn't with me anymore, I've given up on being in love with her.
I know it's sappy but I really want to thank her for letting me know I still can fall in love.
What have they done to Jesus :(
later i found myself in the kitchen with my dick in a glass of milk.
Where the fuck are or when you need them?!
But I love the rain flavors.
okay that was a smooth ride
Yes it was.
a post from someone that seems to have a good handle on grammar, spelling, formatting, and punctuation was quite refreshing!
To be fair the OP may be good at language but he's not so talented at love.
If there is one thing i've learned it is that you simply cannot plan relationships like that.
and love just aren't remotely compatible.
I thought it was a Skyrim reference.
It looks like the only gatorade you people like is the original red...
I realized this too, I actually wasn't planning on falling in love with her.
I knew my time was limited and we both liked each other so I figured why not have fun together.
When I figured I was in love with her, I was going to extend my stay another year and holding off on beginning a career.
At first I was definately against marriage, but now I'm at a maybe marriage in the future.
I think in relationships, you should never say never.
Once you're in a relationship your thinking will change and things you thought you'd never do, you might reconsider doing.
"she only broke her leg"...Good god your a monster!!!
Red, Yellow and Orange.
Blue and Purple can suck it.
Aw shit man.
Nerves.
It's always nerves.
did it help, you know, the dick in milk?
It kinda sucks as a reference to the Hulk, though.
She was begging for an accident.
People are working, stay the fuck away from the roof.
If anyone wants something, they can climb down.
the worst.
Was it the same sister that bought you the weed bracelet?
BTW, is this the same [sister who gave you a weed bracelet](
Did the milk feel nice?
holy fuck.
I had a friend buy one at a gas station and I said I'd pay him $2 if he drank the whole bottle.
Not only did he drink it all, but he FUCKING ENJOYED THAT SHIT.
post aside, it sounds like you're still a bit delusional.
If you have to qualify the terms "friends" and "friendship" with terms like "technically" and "fragile," you aren't friends and you don't have a friendship.
You're just a clinger and she's not interested.
It sucks for you, but the sooner you grasp it, the better.
Forget that you made the post.
Don't use that as a new excuse to preoccupy yourself with her.
"Oh golly, I'm sorry I made you look bad, let's talk about it over dinner." No.
Forget it happened, and move on.
She has.
And she's happy.
the easiest way to move past an old relationship is to simply make a clean break.
her on so you aren't tempted to make any more desperate posts.
Delete her contact info.
Toss old photos.
It will sting at first, but it will be for the best, particularly since you appear to be inclined to reach out.
this is why middle school is the shit.
If I try to get a bunch of college students to eat my peppers they're always like:
"no thanks it's too spicy" or
"i don't know you stop throwing peppers at me"
Many habaneros and it got all over my face.
It sucked royal ass.
Had to take a sleeping pill in order to ride out the wave of searing pain in my hands and on my face
First dropped plate: Nobody notices.
Second: One or two weird looks.
Third: Entire kitchen starts clapping.
involuntary shudder We were real dicks!
HAVE A SHAVE
I did the same as the OP, but I also rubbed my forehead because you know, hot kitchen and all that.
I didn't need milk, but about ten minutes later my forehead looked like a :/
It's generally subconcious so I don't think a coma (loss of conciousness) would affect it.
Then again I'm not a (real) doctor.
Try doing that and then forgetting to wash your hands before you take out your contacts.
That was me yesterday.
NOT awesome.
Sue for EO.
If they can't prove they sent a form telling you that your coverage for the auto was being dropped due to nonpayment of premium they have to pay out.
Jesus Christ this is creepy.
This is why we delete after a breakup!
FUCK OFF BEPPE!
you're saying he should fill the hole in his heart by filling the hole in her best friend?
Same here, it must have been powerful for people not to troll and laugh at him.
He discovered a secret of the universe with something like that.
Not that private if he posted it for everyone on their friends list to see.
You got a recipe for us man?
It did actually.
Was no cure but eased the burning sensation.
liberating
ingredients
2 haberneros (chopped),
4 jalapenos (chopped),
1-2 thai chili peppers ( chopped) "optional",
1-2 cloves minced garlic,
1/2 small jar sambal oelek(basically thai chili paste),
chicken wings 16-48
chop the peppers having learned from experience i would use a food processor much easier and pain free.
once thats done just mix all the ingredients together set aside
Now to fry the wings.
I double fry them so they are extra crispy.
After that just mix sauce and wings in a bowl and serve.
It very spice but its a delayed spice, you taste the sauce and the wings before the burn kicks.
my favorite wing recipe so far.
Cool your balls, it is natural to avoid something after it has caused you discomfort or pain in this case vomiting
she's a lurker?
And a glass of milk
Did you drink it afterwards?
A friend of mine did this, but he didn't know how it happened.
His mom had to help him backtrack his actions, and later gave his penis a glass of milk.
what kind of milk was it
hey at least you were able to go away from her and puked in a "better" location.
I was at a bar once and saw a girl puke down some guys back while she was walking behind him.
He didn't even notice and she just turned and walked the other direction (and I think they had been leaving together)
I did this once, except it was #2.
The area I wiped hurt a lot for a long time.
It was a rookie mistake.
Gee...another "military wives are fat lazy slobs" opinion.
Please, enlighten me with some more of your originality
i don't know you stop throwing peppers at me
I've done that before.
There used to be a stunning chick at our school, skinny, 5'10, and gigantic boobs.
Easily GGs.
I used to be very very short, and one day while running in the halls I turned a corner and ran straight into her boobs.
We both fell down and I got a bruise...
1: Put your dick in a glass
2: Put some milk in the glass
3: Make her drink from the glass ...Ouch, never mind.
I got nothin'
You're a white knight pussy.
Been there, done that, frequently wear the t-shirt.
Grew habeneros and super chilis last year and made hot sauces.
Sauces were great, but not worth the pain.
So, how fat are you?
I, too, read the comment.
This is a culinary nightmare.
I worked with a guy who was cleaning and stuffing banana peppers without gloves on.
Of course, nature calls and go goes downstairs to pee.
About 10 minutes after coming back up, I can see his face contorting and he's shaking his knees.
He goes back downstairs to the employee bathroom, and shortly after my father (the chef) goes downstairs to see if he's okay.
He's in the fetal position on the bathroom floor crying, and explains to my father what happened.
He was whisked immediately to the nearest ER, and was henceforth known as pepper-dick.
I was actually doing this same thing WITH gloves, I washed my hands once afterwards, went to pee, and started to feel the burning sensation.
OH HELL NO.
I went to the bathroom, grabbed some soap, and basically jerked myself off for 5 minutes with hand soap.
it never proceeded to get worse, but holy shit was I scared.
The banquets facility was about 15-20 minutes away form any medical establishment.
I bet you it felt wonderful.
She more likely peed through her ass.
I choose water-boarding.
I'm all over this!
Oh god, I did much the same .
Chowed a habanero with my burger and then scratched my balls.
The gf thought it was hilarious.
I completely ruined a pair doing that.
would clean them.
Yea but it also depends on how spiteful he is too.
I would do that if I had the chance
I peed on the dance floor once.
I spose puke is worse though.
Woah, this is common comment to make then?
I do apologize for my dickish comment, just surprised that someone in the military makes enough to support two people.
, I didn't say anything about you being fat.
Maybe that's another commonly used term?
I'm surprised that hasn't found its way to myself.
Good thing you didn't have a sudden urge to fap.
I was intrigued to see that he apparently went from posting in to posting in .
Go to your room, Meg.
Sorry, it just chaps my ass when I get bunched together with the other milwives.
Common term is dependapotomus.
And granted, a lot of women do fit the stereotype.
Just like a lot fit into the "all military wives cheat" stereotype (80% divorce rate in the ).
Both of those are probably the main reason I don't hang out with the other wives.
And he doesn't really make enough.
But we only have one car and live in a relatively remote place with a poor job economy.
So we budget, live on base to save on bills (they pay all basic utilities), don't eat out, and watch movies at home.
It's tough, but we found it brings us closer together.
I bet that milk felt amazing
Sounds more like she fucked up.
Should have let you shit first.
Wth a shower can wait man.
Thank you for this.
I cried it was so funny.
The fuck is it with reddit and shitting themselves?
What, is bowel control an accomplishment now?
Just use your best asian accent and say I canno see.
It's believable cause of the squinty eyes.
I think this wins FUCK UP OF THE WEEK!!!
I puked at a table full of people once.
we were playing moose and I lost and had to drink the bowl full of the grossest mix of beer/liquor/wine.
As soon as I finished I gagged and it all came right back up.
yeah that's the most embarrassing thing to happen to me in a long time.
Light Blue is the shit
It doesn't matter if you wash your hands.
That oil will stay in your skin for hours.
I've cut habanero peppers and hours later touching things would still make them burn.
Haha tbh that's the first thing I worry about, my money maker face.
I was just playing about the name calling, and this'll do forman, this'll do.
I was roasting a small box of habaneros once.
I halved them and removed the seeds.
I was working with them for a while and afterwords I had washed my hands for what I thought was a suitable amount.
I then got a bit frisky FA style.
The worst thing is I noticed a bit of sting during the process and still said fuck it I want to finish.
A couple hours later the burn died down and now actual damage but it was still a hell of a day.
Your girlfriend sounds pretty selfish making you wait so she could shower...
My 21st was in may.
Made it to 20 shots before I ruined the bathroom and got banned from a local bar.
yourself lucky you get a second chance.
would be funnier if someone had walked in
I remember the time I broke about $6,000 worth of plates during my a first shift at a country club.
Not only did we lose the plates, they had to rent some for a 180 person party so we could actually give the wedding something to eat off.
You sure it wasn't at the airport?
WTF are these fuckers eating?
I guess she couldn't handle your shit.
Just the title was enough for me to laugh loudly, but I lost it at "my asshole literally threw up into my boxers."
Came here to say this, been there and done that.
Indian food.
Damn it Raj!
We told you not to spike the carry-out
I read this in the voice of Apu, is that bad?
I'm got teary-eyed just reading that so you must have been all messed up!
Death is a part of life, but thankfully you don't have to deal with it right now.
Take a deep breath and enjoy life!
I'm scared...
not so bad
I have a depressing story too, but I think it's best if we forget about it.
You're a good man and a good husband.
Well your pretty much boned for that relationship.
On the next I'm sure you'll find another person you really like.
I'm so very sorry.
The need to shit ALWAYS overrules the need to shower.
I was thinking of that, but it is in a story.
If it were a comment that would be a different comment.
I think you just slipped back into "the stalker" for a couple sentences there.
Idk tho.
Good luck brutha man.
It's a junior mint.
If anyone's 4th of July is "ruined" because of this, then they truly lead a pathetic, sad, cloistered, eventless and irrational life.
Shit Shower.
Very simple mathematics here.
Wait, what IS a blue waffle?
A diseased blue vagina
Today she fucked up by prioritizing her "quick shower" over your "food is not sitting well + gas" need to shit.
I feel I know so much more about the world now
It's shit like this, reddit...
you didn't wash your hands even after fondling the raw chicken?
So you touched your penis with chicken juices and habaneros?
You sound like a dirty motherfucker
no doubt.
making someone hold a shit so you can shower is just bad form.
hopefully she learned not to get in the way next time.
The shit abyss.
I was going to check this thread and try to get some more context.
You know what though, I dont think I want to know.
" NSFW"
like i said it was urgent.
and hence the reason it was posted on today i fucked up.
If its anything that I've learned here.
Its that people shit on themselves a lot more often than i thought,
Shit man, all this talk about shitting and shit is really making me have to shit you know?
My wife's family is from Mexico and she takes the kids there sometimes for a visit and I have to stay for work.
I'll think 'what would I do if something happens and they don't come back' (accident, whatever).
It just pops into my head.
After about 5 seconds of thinking about it, I'm a mess and have to find something to distract me.
There's gonna be a lot more TIFU posts from you if you don't wash your hands after touching raw chicken D: I can just see it now..
TIFU and gave a bunch of my dinner guests salmonella poisoning
You will shit yourself once in your adult life.
Just wait for it.
This is epic!
rain flavors.
It's like water with a pinch of sugar and a dash of food coloring.
He added his own milk first.
Wow, that's tough.
Hope she's not too mad at you!
Buy her lots of flowers and stuff.
God Damn nuttella.
ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED - Bowel
You may progress to the next achievement; gag reflex control.
It's just a myth, at least i think so.
On the whole, it's good.
On the hole, it's terrible.
man, I'd just taken a sip of my Dew when I read that, now my keyboard is sticky.
i have had one, maybe two occasions in my life when shit was flying out of my ass as I was sitting.
always made the bowl, and that's as close a call as I've ever had.
I guess I AM all the man I thought I was.
Wait...do sharts count?
Well that escalates quickly.
I'm sorry, but did something happen to your wife?
Or do you just care very deeply for her?
's happened to her, just care for her very much and pondering the what ifs.
I borrowed a habanero from a neighbours garden when I was in middle school.
it in and dared a kid to eat it.
He was allergic and his face blew up like a red children's balloon.
My parents were not happy.
Chip fat?
Eating tea?
What'd your GF say?
I found it, I bought a wii with it then threw it in a bin because the wii sucks.
Cheers buddy!
ah but if you've got a stomach upset/intestinal irritation it becomes a whole different matter.
Having said that - some people have no self control
, who wants to have a shower while being basked with the fresh smell of shit.
you're a good guy :]
See you in hell.
ill be laughing all the way there.
Oh Peter, that's just nasty.
i think we get to skip to the front of the lines if we're laughing.
it's not, it's a combination of several STD's.
of all of these infections, it caused bruising.
As a fellow Brit - I approve this story!
Serves you right for drinking out of the bottle though!
better...
I was already given a platinum pass for my "In Soviet Russia" comment.
I get to ride free all day and not wait in any lines.
I get a free hot dog and small soda too!
Did the chicken wings at least turn out well?
I always hope and pray to the Flying I never have fire dick.
I do not want to experience the third and a halfth horseman of the apocalypse.
im already going for many things that i wouldnt even admit to doing on this account.
because we all do it, and we all also love the story
obligatory " keeper"
Glad to see you're not getting downvoted for speaking out against these shit stories.
well...the company will be better there anyway.
imagine trying to get laid in heaven!
Maybe she didn't want to have to take a shower in a bathroom that smelt like shit?
i wonder..is there sex in hell?..i mean not like you would have sex cuz that is a pleasure but its hell..so..no pleasure...WE SHALL BECOME THE RULERS OF HELL!!!
Where are these people from?
I think not.
especially if those dudes are outliers.
I pity the person doing the real statistic work on this though, so many data points!
Not for nothing, but you should check with the health dept for your county to see if there are any advisories if you continue to have problems tomorrow.
There are several nasty outbreaks going around in various parts of the country, and they may require a doc's intervention.
I recently got similarly sick, didn't explode in mid hover like you, but I did have to toss out a pair of underwear.
First time as an adult that I soiled myself.
I thought it was food poisoning...
the first day.
The second day I started to get suspicious, the third day it turned out to be a highly contagious bacterial infection that hit my area.
anti-biotics.
are you still with your girlfriend?
I shit myself yesterday.
I got on my motorcycle to follow my friends and as we were about to pull out I leaned over to fart and ended up shitting violent diarrhea.
I was wearing white pants too.
I left my bike in the road and waddled away and told my friends I would meet them later.
I did not.
i've often enjoyed having sex with the sole aim of hurting or humiliating someone...so that would be perfectly viable i imagine.
Doesn't sound like he is a very good lawyer.
can be counter intuitive like that.
to ( for a population of 3.5 billion, with a 95% level of confidence and 5% confidence interval, 387 is a sufficient sample.
Even a confidence interval of 1% would not require 10,000 people.
But a, she failed in that regard and b, she can wait for the Damn thing to air out.
I don't understand why these two cannot occur in parallel
Never trust a fart in public.
MY HERO!
No help for you, you're fucked dude.
It means they do anal
Thanks for the insightful and informative reply
You should see his album cover ( where he hit himself in the face with a brick.
I got shit in and on my pants, my bare feet (eww) and on the floor.
That might have been the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to me.
, my husband was not home so I managed to clean it up without any fuss.
Later it occurred to me that I should have sat down on the toilet with a bucket.
Oh, well, lesson learned.
Sounds like a great episode of Jerry
Best TIFU ever.
Well done sir, well done.
That's why I always say "I love you!" to my parents.
This is a really common fuck up.
Stop jizzing onto your keyboard.
Better than having a shower while someone else is basking in actual shit next to you.
poetry, my friend
I appreciate the part about the squirming around the room...
I did that recently when being subjected to a wait to get into a bathroom and is a funny state to be in.
I have a thing where I don't like to be seen when I have to poop.
People, animals, I'll even turn down a picture if it has eyes that are looking at me.
I don't think I've ever articulated that before.
It's coming.
You can wait to shower
Why did I decide to click that link?
More like Maury.
All he does now is paternity tests.
That was your girlfriend's fault.
knows shit takes precedence over shower.
you have SHITTY aim!
lololol
if you ever fart while in a shower it smells like a bomb went off same concept
similar happened to my dad once.
I had just gotten some Ghost Chili pepper sauce, because I was into peppers and wanted to prove how tough I was.
My dad decided to try some too and dabbed a bit on his finger and tasted it.
He said it was pretty hot and went back to watching TV.
He probably forgot all about it in a few minutes.
About an hour later, I hear a bunch of yelling and my dad runs into the bathroom and starts washing his face.
Turns out he still had some on his hand when he rubbed his eyes...
and I thought I was tough for trying it.
he's okay now.
Pour some rubbing alcohol on the burned area.
I terribly burned my hands with habaneros and that was the only thing I found that took the sting out.
Sorry about your penis.
that is why i have 9 other peoples passwords, so they can get in trouble while i enjoy rotten.com
Well she got to anyways hahaha
Could always wait until the bathroom doesn't stink, whats the emergency for the shower?
ok,hes got an awesome chick willin to give head at any time and he goes off to fap for an hour?
wtff?
Hmm...i guess so..i mean, as part of the " i cant say on this account" things..
thats up there.
there is no way to ever live that down
This was obviously karma for intending to eat cute rabbits.
good policy.
i never use throwaways and thus get odd looks at meetups due my often forgotten admissions of depravity.
EDIT: wrong braces on link
How did she contact you?
If she's preemptively calling a guy she had a one-night stand with to tell him he could be daddy you should be wary.
On the other hand if she and boyfriend are planning to do the whole parenting thing for the kid anyway and she wants to keep it you can sign your rights away.
I just got here and yours is the first one I've read.
And she never got pregnant, moral: pulling out is actually a viable form of contraception.
Up to 70-some-%.
And I am to understand you were much more careful than I had been.
Ergo, you're in the clear.
Most likely.
Let's hear it, usually helps to talk about it.
My grandparents keep bacon grease in a 2liter bottle in their fridge for cooking (Yay !) and I almost poured a glass until my grandpa stopped me.
On a scale of -, it's about .
Good luck mang, hope you don't have to pay for that for the next 18 years.
I feel ya man.
I did the same thing nasty taste in mouth for a week.
if you are that concerned i still had another batch of raw chicken to fry.
I hope this may answer a few of your questions in your cross examination of the incident.
yes they where very good.
I would like to say this batch was unusually hotter that the others i have made.
I think the habaneros were prime
ive got a similar but even worse story but it wont be shared...
that girl knows my username
And thank you my penis is ok.
I love coming on here.
It just makes my day seem wonderful.
But if the child is not yours why worry?
its just you...
i have almost shit myself while cumming though, that wouldve probably been worse
he can get you out of your first DUI?
He's really not a great
lawyer, but he can work that out.
That would be good enough for me
ive never hit a cat but i have had to pull pieces of deer hide off of my bumper
rape by football?
now ive heard everything
Not much else to say.
I don't drink much anymore, but I went pretty hard and drank steadily from 6pm to 2am.
Fell outside the bar, knocked myself unconscious, woke up in an ambulance.
Spent the night in hospital.
No hospital bill (yay Canada) but I'm sure my dentist will make up for that.
lucky kid!
WELL I GUESS THAT WAS YOU THAT PUKED ON THE DANCE FLOOR
jokes never reflect serious thoughts.
You got it so fucking wrong, man.
Being a father is a lifelong job.
Puke is always better to clean up..
Always sit!
Yeah sorry man, you have to repost this
Damn it why'd I read fat girl?!!
Once I realized this, every close call has been a gamble.
There's a man who figures the averages all day long and all night.
Once in a while he lets you...
steal a couple.
But you've got to lose.
And once you've lost, there is no way back.
No way at all.
I made some BBQ sauce with some habaneros once.
No matter how many times I washed my hands, my finger tips had a mild burn for days.
Use gloves when handling those things!!
Why the fuck would you ever want to fuck in your parents bed?
That would totally gross me out.
Don't come in here with that sass acting like you're gonna get help.
You're the fuckup, not us.
I think you made it worse by running away...
Found this in nocontext, knew immediately which thread it was from even though I hadn't read it yet.
days later ...
it gets under your nails and stays there.
That's the dumbest thing I've ever read.
Well, he tried to lunge for me.
Yeah, you did make it worse.
Just stay, and act funny.
Now they think you are a weirdo, you coulda danced it off.
dat booty
Well, see...
you didn't mention that...
LoL my surname is Nick and look at my reddit username!
First:few people who didn't care noticed
Second:was during a rush and most people were busy, cleaned it fast enough
Third:near the end of the shift and everyone noticed who was in the kitchen at the time
:cameras everywhere, so who knows
should have.
You tell 'em, alwayssharts.
The steam holds the smell down, brother.
You want that smell to dissipate.
does not sound like a F-U at all
Your girlfriend sounds inconsiderate and selfish.
What kind of person denies someone the chance to take a shit because they feel like taking a shower?
I have an idea!
Let's try reading.
I go into a bathroom that has magazines I have to flip them over so the cover people can't see me, and it's annoying when there are more people on the back cover.
It's weird.
When will we see her TIFU about getting involved with a natural lier?
Sounds like a win to me
One more thing to think about.
Be sure to declare what life saving measures you would like taken in the event of a problem.
All available, only, DNR, DNI (do not intubate) and so on.
I would say this is more important than assets.
Oh and who are the primary, secondary and tertiary decision makers in this situation.
I see the awful results of these decisions not being made in advance.
Fuck, I'd never make my boyfriend wait to shit.
And if I had to shower that badly I'd just shower while he was shitting.
I don't see why it's an issue to be in the bathroom with your SO.
if you went and had sex or got a bj...
I would pay to watch those reactions.
You just had shitty luck.
TL;DR: Not a fuck up.
I read that with his voice in my head
And of course, bacon.
A friend and I recently had a couple of rancid steak n cheese's and I shit myself while brushing my teeth the next morning.
It got on the floor.
His wife told me he shit the bed thrice.
of us were able to go to work for two days.
That is so fucking sweet.
I don't think you f'ed up at all.
tell her that the documentary is a mockumentary...because it is.
Oh man I haven't had rabbit in years.
Now I need to go find some.
I thought it was just bruised.
Why, I'm from england, what-what old chap.
are fun...
Yes, I can't help but feel that there was an element of karma to my suffering
That's what bathroom sprays are for.
You have a girlfriend whos ass you cant smack.
Is that somehow illegal?
Is she ten?
If she's your girlfriend (and isn't really ten) I don't see a problem here.
Care to explain?
No, It's just that bowel control is way too mainstream these days.
I won't lie, I miss not smelling like piss and shit, but if this is the price I have to pay for my individuality, then so be it.
Jerry jerry jerry
Had seen this advice all over reddit, never really understood it.
Then it happened...
At work...
And I had to go commando under my skirt for the last couple hours of my shift.
Damn you reddit...
Read about it here and then real-life karma struck!
"slammed the door" from here on, I started to laugh uncontrollably.
exactly but water amplifies the horrid smell 50 times its original stench making it potent as a biological weapon of warfare when something like this happens
under my skirt
I am so perverted :(
These pun threads are getting crapper, amiright?
missed.
Stand up like a man and do a helicopter at them.
I think the employers probably appreciated that.
It would be a bit of a kick in the nuts to them if you bailed out in two months.
Shhh, let him learn his lesson the hard way.
I wish I had the guts for that.
I instead just stood up didn't look at them and picked up my boxers and slowly walked into my house.
Didn't even say a word.
Your administrators effed up.
They're supposed to force strict search protection on your computers.
some type of keylogger and monitoring program.
This is why you don't do stuff like this on a PC that isn't under your control.
If the guy was screwing around on company time yes he can.
Some bosses have even responded to people on facebook to tell them they're fired.
quarter system?
You can try wood putty or mix wood glue and saw dust together into a paste that can be used to fill voids and pits.
You're still going to need to sand and stain.
Recuva works really well, so I'll second that recommendation.
TIFU should be Today i shit myself instead.
"Thank you, ma'am, may I have another?"
OH GOD MY SIDES
Well thats a relief.dadum tiss
TIFU: accidentally put laxatives in a meal i prepared at the restaurant i work at.
now you can marry her.
to too much Lil B.
...nom nom nom
I'm only in first year of my undergrad, so I'm still kinda new to the subtle nuances of statistics - but it seems odd that we can predict 3.5Bn people from a sample of 387 people!
well here's an upvote to try to ease the suffering :)
This is the hardest I have ever laughed on reddit.
My condolences nonetheless.
If your heart is as soft as your breast I know you'll forgive me.
That's smooth as fuck.
I think it's from Emo Phelps or Marx, I read it in an old joke book.
I must remember that, it could be useful in the future.
The cutests animals are the most delicious.
THis does not sound like a TIFU at all.
You spent your lunch break thinking about how much you love your wife.
You had your own office to give you privacy.
Is there a place a post for TODAY I WAS ?
Men in our culture are supposed to be zombies who just get the job done and don't feel anything which might get in the way of our working.
A breakout from the is a courageous act Oh and don't forget to go home and let your wife know just how much you love her in some outrageously bold way.
Thank you for the kind words, but I'm far from perfect.
I went home and tidied up the bedroom, did some dishes and went for a jog and then we made dinner together and watched a little t.v.
before bed.
Sorry, nothing outrageously bold last night.
I still think it was a fuck up- who what grown man wants to be crying at work?
I knew I was forgetting something.
I wouldn't think so.
As this is a legitimate disease, and there is a WIKI page for it, there is no reason it should be blocked unless all of is blocked.
I don't currently have installed on my computer but i would be surprised if this search term were blacklisted.
Ah but that is where the genius lies, you had an office to lock yourself into.
Cries at the Water cooler, Fuck up.
Cries in his Locked office, Genius.
As for the Wife, You had a big day.
there is still time for outrageously bold.
Again, in our culture, where Men are able to slack off a lot more than women, Doing the dishes and cooking dinner together is perhaps the most loving thing you could do.
No joke I would've said this if I knew this at the time.
You made me unsubscribe from this subreddit.
Thank you for the final push.
Am not.
Its true I have trouble seeing sometimes.
That is terrifying, yet just might do the trick!
As a great man once said:
"death is just another path, one that we all must take"
That great man was the fucking White.
though, it's nice that you love your wife.
Watch out, we got a badass over here
You must have been so embaressed.
The have an expensive M86 Web Filter, but even the IT admitted it was crap.
Back in high school, we played the bell tag (dunno official name)
, two people get a bell, and are blindfolded.
IT rings the bell, other has to respond (a max of 3x) all while in a circle.
A time limit keeps it from being boring.
My turn to go.
I stretch out my hand, trying to find my way and GUESS WHAT I GRAB.
Edit: is it really that hard to guess that I grabbed some girl by the tit?
You must have put it in gear too?
Good login name.
I like.
If it was on a hill he might have left in first so it wouldn't roll because something is up with the parking brake.
should never examine a vehicle that is parked on a hill.
take it to flat ground for that.
Stop writing incoherently.
and learn to condom.
You're not 14 years old anymore, stop acting like it.
I want to thank Reddit and TIFU for making me feel more accomplished for having normal to excellent sphincter control.
that, but it's actually involving my grandparent's.
So talking about it would only serve the purpose of depressing everyone else, not alleviating my pain.
But sometimes, I think about life without my wife too.
I think about it both ways.
Me without her and her without me.
It just gets really depressing really quickly haha and sometimes I can feel myself tearing up.
She is a cancer survivor, and sometimes I get scared it could come back or just think bad things and I just break down because I love her so much.
She's more than just my girl, she is my best friend.
he's a bad troll.
And how is this a fuck up?
uptoke just for the TL;DR
We're all sorry to see you go, and strongly urge you to reconsider.
He's incredibly protective.
We're 15.
It's uhh...
not too late.
So few people use the parking break these days.
Why would you apply for a job when you have to go back to school?
There is a reason internships exist.
That's yucky.
The good news: all her Kindle purchases are in her account online and can be added to a new Kindle!
Can you get a replacement sim card for the UK sim, then transfer the credit back to yourself?
Or have whoever has the sim in the UK transfer the credit back?
I wish that were true, but in my experience after I take a dump of great magnitude the stench and spray unite together to create some sort of weird hybrid stench.
it's ok ben, you'll do just fine
Most universities (at least in the US) have a forgiveness policy if you completely screw up a semester.
At one of my past universities they basically just wipe that entire semester from your record like you never attended (except for the financial portion of course).
You're going to have to give us an update on this.
I see fuckupoftheweek potential here.
things just have to change.
and all the best to you and your family.
Thanks, I'll look into this.
Make an appointment to see your advisor, explain you fucked up, and see what can be done.
Where I went to school, if you re-take a class you failed or did poorly in, your previous grade is basically erased, basically.
It's still on your transcript but doesn't affect your GPA, and I've never had an employer ask to see my college transcripts.
You'll be okay.
Not the best advise.
Ahh, the old " Record of " anxiety.
Don't sweat it too much, GPA doesn't mean shit in the scheme of things.
If you're going to grad school, it might matter, but in the real world, I've never had an employer give half a fuck about how well I performed in school.
Just having the diploma is the main thing, and honestly, I'm not sure how many employers really check up on that either.
Makes me wish I'd slacked off a little more, in retrospect.
You realize the dad is probably laughing his ass off at how scared you were right now huh?
The awkwardness of the moment was really the main issue...
But I still recommend to make appointment to your adviser like other redditors stated :)
Hope you can overcome it.
Good recognition of one of the best bands ever.
In hindsight it was a pretty good moment.
At the very least nobody suspected that I did it on purpose.
I didn't but it's nice to get out of this completely untouched.
A BELL?!
While you squirm and clench, do you also walk around on your tippy toes?
I don't know why I do it
Well, he's been evidently going on a rampage by yelling at his family members for miscellaneous things, while preparing his massive(100+, no joke) gun collection.
Once I mis-typed my phone number when topping up and ended up sending 20 to a stranger.
A FUCKING HIPSTER!
WITH YOUR KNIFE!
It was a penis, wasn't it?
It's always a penis.
Mine were that way too.
I failed 2 classes when I went abroad.
All that happened was that they didn't transfer.
Agree, your parents bone down in there bro.
Nasty.
Thanks for posting this, I had no idea there were options like this.
My last semester wasn't as bad as yours sounds, but I'm afraid to look at my grades.
What do you say to a girl when you face plant into her boob in a full sprint???
"That's all you get for free, but here's my number."
for playfully slapping your gf's butt...?
I don't believe this any more.
I came in here figuring that you took a picture of a blown load and sent it to the wrong person.
I didn't believe it either.
he thinks we were about to start having sex or something stupid like that.
That's why he's so mad.
You weigh 120 pounds?
Are you a girl?
I didn't think guys in high school that light ran track, let alone 100m.
I'm about 150/160 and was probably one of the skinniest kids at my high school.
I was also more of a 400m runner too, simply because I was that skinny.
Your only fuck up is you'll lose time and money.
I'm sure your school has an academic forgiveness policy so you'll be fine in the end.
The part that sucks is you'll end up eating the cost of your semester abroad and you'll have to graduate late.
you're not heavily dependent on financial aid.
If so, you might actually be fucked.
Your mother let you "mix chemicals" without even asking what kind?
ftw!
You did not simply borrow the pepper, you stole it.
I know how you feel, similar experiences for me..just not as old..or lunch break
what I was going to say.
Only person who is going to care about GPA is a pretentious ass, so you wouldn't want to work for him or her, anyway.
I failed my first semester of college, got kicked out, but was back within the year by taking evening classes.
It wasn't super fun, but there is always a way (and the sooner you get a plan together, the better).
You touched her, it would be polite if she touched you back.
I had the same problem my first year of college.
I had to go to community college for two quarters to replace those grades before I could move forward.
So it's possible it won't go well for you, but I'm only one person.
protip - don't transfer to State .
Maybe he's 4'6" or something.
Update: Went to the dentist today and will need crown lengthening (basically they cut away some of the gum and possibly bone) and 6 crowns.
It will take a few months and will cost me about $8-9000.
Well if you are going to do it right.
Can't assume most people are that decent though.
in that case, you fucked up last semester
As a 12 year old kid, I borrowed.
I had every intention of giving it back!
I'm currently shitting myself over this same thing.
I was in Spain for a semester, the classes sucked, and I couldn't get motivated for my finals.
Failed 2/4 classes, both of them on semiconductors (fuck semiconductors).
I just found out I could retake the finals at my home university, but lucky me! I'd only have a couple days to prepare, and I have no class notes, no assignments, and no textbooks.
I don't think I could recommend a semester-long study abroad program to anyone.
I'm most afraid of my father's reaction, just because he expects so much from me.
distraught atm.
TIFU Ghost ...
ate them
My friend spend a year studying abroad in Japan and did really well, and none of her classes transferred anyways.
and served my school district for all 18 years I was in it.
Taxis are so damned expensive.
Want to share?
You never go full 11.
is fun.
I got fucked up in a dirtbike accident and broke a few ribs a year or two back.
Fast forward to the hospital part and they've given me two .
Man, it was like nitrous at the dentist.
was funny and I was fucking invincible, that's all I cared about.
TIL a recovered stolen car is immediately considered a salvaged title?
Bleh chill.
Your GPA doesn't matter.
The important thing is that you realized the world is bigger than .
That means you can go anywhere and do anything.
That's what you've gained.
No one in the wide world is going to give a shit what your GPA is, unless you stay in academics, which I really wouldn't recommend these days.
thing is to be an interesting, honest, passionate, and useful person.
Just focus on being that and you'll be fine.
"Hey, yea- yeah, you.
How many alzheim- ers patients does it take to screw in a..
lightbulb?"
Nurse: "Well, I'm not sure..."
"TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!"
My girlfriend did the same thing to herself, except she didn't throw up.
She said it was so scary and she woke up gagging.
We don't speak of them around here no more.
So many eyes...
Nice school you went to.
Where I went, if you failed a class you had one chance to resit however your grade was capped at 40% (D).
LSIFU
"I'm really sorry about that, let me take you out to dinner to make up for it"
You had to get 40% to get a D in your school?
No wonder they had such strict stipulations about failing classes.
You also needed a 70% to get an A.
The highest grade I'd ever heard of was 76%.
The explanation was that if you could actually get an 80% or above then you shouldn't be doing undergrad work.
Very odd grading scheme.
Was this in the United States?
If you don't mind me asking, what school was this?
I've really never heard of such a grading scheme until you mentioned it.
Just had to sign on and upvote.
Worthy story I must say.
Er, whether or not your employer gives a fuck depends a hell of a lot on what field you're in.
In my area (mechanical/aerospace engineering), you can't get a job with one of the big name companies without at LEAST a 3.0.
i do.
Its a strange dance.
I for one am happy that we are talking about it.
I had to walk past their house today to go to the shop.
No word of a lie they were watching me out of their front room window.
mortified :(
I just got such a hilarious picture in my mind.
Not to laugh at your expense mind you.
The e-brake was off.
And the mechanic said that after.
Laugh away, I fear it is only laughter and alcohol that may purge this incident from my mind.
Wasn't on a hill.
Looks like my dad left it in gear when he parked it.
I had a 3.6 my first semester and a 1.7 the next.
Failed another class for my major.
Was doing pretty poorly, so I dropped out and started to work and then went back and finished up in night school.
I believe my final GPA was around a 3.7.
A single semester's screw up is nothing worth worrying about.
Hell, unless you are looking to work in a specific field or are looking to go into further education (med/law school or masters program) it'll likely never even matter.
This is one huge fallacy that exists in our society.
So, that being said, any one little piece is not really that critical.
As you'll find out, even a full semester of college can be laughed off without too much impact on your life afterwards.
The good news is you were not drunk and able to remember.
You don't have to rely on someone elses version through your addled hungover brain.
I'm a freshman, or was, and I also run the 400.
I do better in the 400
And no, I'm not a girl
I don't know how to approach my neighbors though.
I mean what do you say to people you hardly ever speak to whom have seen you stark bollock naked?
Yes, but those programs are WAY better than M86 Web Filter
Tell them they are lucky.
You normally have a 2 drink minimum.
LOL it depends on the drink really.
I was thinking of going round to sorry sorry for ruining your barbecue.
Then slipping in a joke about well cooked sausages.
But I'm not sure they'd approve.
It sounds like the way they marked both me and my ex's Uni grades (we went to different ) and I'm in the UK.
Since these were study abroad credits, it's likely they simply won't transfer.
Most universities do not count study abroad credits into your GPA.
So, basically you fucked up by wasting a shit ton of money.
You'll need to go to school for an extra semester.
While you didn't fuck up your GPA, you definitely fucked up.
Sounds like the UK's grading system in .
I think the retakes were capped at 40% to.
omg that sux but for what it's worth i think your experiences are more important.
what's your major??
i bombed that again!!
fuck it i obviously was not ready to go back to school and i don't even like my alma mater, anyway.
my biology 1 class was huge and full of fuckhead freshmans that always talked and played on their computer.
the teacher was from china and learned english in great britain and never used her mic right.
i'm still bitter about the whole experience.
well just pissy, really.
they won't let me get my transcripts, either, from unpaid parking tickets.
die...
This was in the UK.
It is hard to convert it into US grades but it goes somewhat like this:
1st Class (A) = 70%
Fail = 39%
YOU got an degree?
MICKEY MANTLE!
If you got 40% you pass?
What the actual fuck?
What do you say to a girl when you face plant into her boob in a full sprint???
"So...uhhh...what's your number?"
are indeed capped at 40%.
You can't go no higher.
stop being thick
Good luck getting a decent job from it.
You'll be fortunate enough to get into a graduate scheme if you have a 2:2.
Your GPA might be fucked.
I did this same thing my freshmen year of college (4 F's) and my GPA never recovered, even with A's and B's for two years after.
that was at a community college, and once I got my associates to transfer my GPA started fresh at the I am attending.
Now I'm sitting pretty at a 3.5.
I really hope you can work something out with your advisor to retake the classes and hopefully your grades will get replaced.
In 30 years you'll look back and won't regret a thing though, I'm sure.
Sounds like you had a blast.
Maybe it was ?
it didn't actually happen today.
I call shenanigans.
SHENANIGANS!
TIFU by being 15 and posting about a normal-ass situation on
Fixed.
Why would you lie instead of offering to show her around, or that you're heading in the same direction.
I'd hope so.
That's ACTUALLY passing.
Some institutions a passing grade is 60%
TIL: is fucked up and a lot of dumb people graduate.
400m is a tough race, unfortunately it was my best.
100m and 200m were much easier and less stressful for me I found.
Sorry about your luck btw haha.
You are an idiot.
schemes are arbitrary.
If a banana equated to an A, you could say "I got straight bananas!".
Some institutions could say 60-69% is a D, 70-79% is a C, etc.
In the UK, it is virtually impossible to get anywhere close to 80%
Edit: Also = UK
That's the same anywhere.
How is that arbitrary?
If you had read the full thread then you would also know that it is virtually impossible to get close to 80%.
Like I explained, the logic is that if you could achieve such marks as an undergraduate then you should in actuality be doing graduate level work.
It isn't as straight forward as getting 40 questions right out of 100 questions to get 40%.
Yeaup, definite bullshit.
Your courses are probably transfer credits.
In my experience, transfer credits will appear on your transcript, but the grades are NOT calculated as part of your GPA.
Look up your school's policy.
I'm looking into jobs with biotech companies now.
The big companies' online applications ask you to list all your degrees and a GPA for each.
If it's below 3.X (varies with the company, but generally 3.0 - 3.5), there's a field to explain why it's below that range.
It's not normal when one's stepdad chases you out of the house and prepares his armory after an ass-smack.
I wouldn't call them all dumb exactly.
You still need decent A-levels to get into many of the universities.
I would say those passing with the 40% are merely just too lazy to achieve in life.
An overprotective stepdad isn't often reasonably sane when he thinks his daughter is going to do the deed with her boyfriend.
he probably forgot to open his mouth.
Wait, I thought we WERE talking about university grades.
Now you're talking about highschool grades or something?
I know a dude who's not much below average height and weighs 120.
His sister is 90.
I'm 6'2" and used to rock climb with both of them.
The funny thing was that I outweighed them both combined.
They kicked my ass at climbing, though.
Sigh...15
Your point was 'anyone who gets a 40% mark at university is dumb'.
My point is, some of those 40%'ers may have gotten As, Bs, or Cs in 'high-school'.
With that, just because you pass with the bare minimum in something, it doesn't mean you're completely stupid.
I'm going to guess it was fairly unusual for someone to get 100% full credit on anything.
I actually like that idea.
Sorry to hear of your misfortune.
Tricks to melting KNO3 safely:
Start of melting just a little under low heat with an equal amount of water, say a quarter cup of each.
As it melts/goes into solution, add more KNO3.
If it does not melt, turn up the heat slightly.
Not much heat is required to do this.
to add KNO3 as it melts, do not get into a hurry.
Add your sugar a little at a time and wait for it to dissolve.
Voila, smoke bomb material or rocket candy.
the trick helping my son make homemade rockets.
WHOAH are we the same person?!?
I did exactly the same thing except in Europe.
Check with your school because usually grades you make at another institution don't factor into your GPA.
I do kind of freak out though when I think that potential employers will want to see my transcript from my time abroad, but I'm hoping they won't :/
LIE!!!
I told my mom I only failed 1 class abroad...
I failed 4 o.O
Is this like, the birth of subreddits?
With grammar like that you have nothing to worry about!
Or grad schools who care about their rankings which in turn allows them to recruit better students and further increase their rankings and eventually funding.
Grades do matter, at times.
Also somebody with high debt and no job might be willing to work for a pretentious ass as it is better than the alternative.
I just got back myself in the same exact situation.
I even broke my hand in a drunken brawl right before finals so still have to take the effing exams later this week.
what city were you in?
I was in sydney - coogee specifically.
dID i sAy WROng?
Am I the only person who, when I'm a parent, won't try to kill my daughter's boyfriend because both of them had consensual sex?
Maybe you can try and talk to your boss about it?
Say she's just a clueless Asian girl that accidently clicked on the wrong part of the internet?
This isn't true.
If you want to go for an advanced degree, schools are going to look at your GPA while considering your application.
Many entry level jobs in professional fields are looking at GPA's as well in the hiring process.
If you have an application with a 2.5 on it versus a 3.5, most are going to call the 3.5 application back.
Your GPA probably isn't going to determine if you get the job, your interviewing skills and references will matter more.
But if you are looking to get your foot in the door at 21/22 y/o your GPA is going to be looked at.
I share your views, as long as they use protection.
I'm not going to do anything like that with her unless there is reliable protection involved.
No, it's not hard, we're all just sarcastic fucks.
Yes, protection is extremely important, and I plan on informing my kids of that.
If my daughter asks for birth control, unless she's like 14, I'll likely (or her mother, anyway) help her get it.
I'd rather she be protected than doing it behind my back and not being smart about it.
And of course condoms.
..basically erased, basically.
It's ok, I failed my math today, too.
They mostly come at night, mostly.
Now I wish I lived in the US..they're not very forgiving where I'm from :(
Jobs and internships don't look at GPA or how long it took you to graduate, only grad schools do.
You're golden.
Great plans!
Not fessing up?
bitch move.
lol I was in coogee as well
Yeah I'm hoping that my good grades every other semester will help, and that I've had decent internships.
I just feel really guilty I guess.
Thanks so much, you really made me feel better!
I'm a major so hopefully my internships and portfolio will make up for my mistakes.
Thanks for your reply!
I mean, I really loved being abroad, I would definitely recommend it to people.
But I agree with you about being more afraid of my father's reaction than anything else.
My mom kind of got the hint I think from me avoiding talking about my grades, but if my dad sees my transcript he'll flip.
Doesn't help that I'll be cut off soon anyway..
stresss
It sounds like you're still rationalizing it, to be honest.
In the US where "C is the average" and also around 70%, that just means that the test has been normalized so that most people get 70% right.
Which means there are a lot of freebies.
You can put the mean wherever you want and score around that.
It makes sense, really, to try to aim for 50%.
In getting your first job, your GPA absolutely matters, and any statement to the contrary is asinine.
That's much more of a close call than anything.
If you had returned to a completely bare house, that would've been a disaster.
I'm very happy for you that it turned out well.
Look at it this way: the scary things you're imagining could've happened will most likely prevent you from doing that again.
All in all, you won today, OP.
Unsw?
mhm.
i came from being a c,d,f student to a A,b and some C student.
when i look back at the i dont see failure, i see a great time in my life where i also just enjoyed life and my studies were second.
its something you learn and grow from.
so your gpa may be a little screwy and you basically wasted a few months time.
but you did what you really wanted and probably for good reason.
"whoops" and move on
Take all the good advice here and throw yourself on your school's mercy.
It may very well turn out better than you think.
, what you did is important too.
One of my biggest regrets is not going abroad when I was in school.
Don't sweat it, I did exchange last year to Europe and things there are a FUCKLOAD easier then at UNSW.
just aren't used to the workload set out here.
Talk to the boss.
You have to do this.
Might your school have some mercy for study abroad programs?
I know some people whose universities didn't care what grade they got so long as they didn't fail for at least a couple particular programs, and it didn't affect their GPA.
I would be scared too but I've studied abroad and totally understand why you stopped caring about your school obligations.
You'll probably have to face the music, but hey.
Oh, hey, I didn't mean that grades never matter.
I should've clarified that I was talking about concerns when it comes to employment.
No doubt, grades matter for continuing education.
Also, the vetting process with large companies or state institutions could trip someone up.
In retrospect, you're right.
What I said was dumb.
DNA test
That is entirely dependent on the job.
Hell, I've been with two companies and never even had a real interview, much less had to have a certain GPA.
I wouldnt say you fucked up today.
I think you have fucked up the past 4 months.
TIL "Man gravy" doesn't mean "shit"
A lot of interviews, applications, etc etc will offer you an opportunity to explain the situation surrounding a bad semester of college.
I know for a fact that most med programs do this where they offer you to explain why you did poorly in one semester (If you have).
You need to realize these are still people you're dealing with, and we're all human in the end.
We make mistakes, and sometimes things happen.
In the end, this is a much more mild mistake than you think, but I completely understand how you feel.
I myself fucked up right at the end of college.
All I had to do was hold out one more semester and I could've had a teaching certificate, but I caved under pressure and basically lost that opportunity forever.
In the end, I know that the piece of paper with the degree I did manage to get is still worth something, and I need to live with that.
Also, considering you're an A/B student and you already are planning to work hard in your last year, I wouldn't worry too much.
The degree and the college it came from matter more than anything else, and the degree more-so.
I'm glad you asked since I myself have a STEM degree!
I asked myself the same question when I absolutely killed my statistics classes.
How is I got an A, although on my transcript it showed I only achieved a 70%?
how I mentioned that if you attained a mark equal to or above 80% then you should be doing graduate work?
Also, please remember that I mentioned that grading schemes are arbitrary.
While taking an undergraduate course, in e.g.
This, however, also does not take into account coursework such as projects.
Yes, you may be able to show that you have 100% understanding of undergraduate maths within a right-or-wrong based examination environment.
, when you conduct your statistics based project, are you demonstrating an undergraduate knowledge or above?
At least, not within the confines of a TA's answer book.
open book tests would be considered cheating.
, grading is arbitrary.
Should the examination allow for you to show off how brainy you are, then you can achieve "bonus" marks within the remaining 80% percentile.
If you do not have that wiggle room, then you are doomed to stay within the undergraduate standard of 70% mediocrity.
Now, I have written a rather unnecessarily long explanation into the UK grading scheme.
This is what I mean about grading schemes are arbitrary.
Let me repeat that:
GRADING SCHEMES ARE ARBITRARY
the UK grading scheme on a scale between 30 - 70, rather than 0 - 100.
under 30 is an automatic failure, above 70 is deemed graduate work worthy (within an undergrad context).
In other words, grades 30 and 70 do not matter as anywhere between 0-30 will give you the same letter grade and anywhere between 70-100 will also give you the same letter grade.
, I do not give a shit if you got a 5% or a 29%.
You still failed.
Well done mate.
End of the day, its entirely dependent on whatever the governing body decided an "A" is in universal terms compares to a "D".
Thanks, very informative, although you could have stressed the "grading schemes are arbitrary" a little less, I got it after the second paragraph.
upvotes for trying though, last girl that tried that with me coughed and bit me, youve never felt pain like that
It is a philippine sim and I have no clue where it was.
Don't think I'd be able to get a replacement sim here though.
how exactly is that a fuck up exactly?
high speed motorboat bro, win and upvotes but next time at least buy her dinner man
I had stated that "grades are arbitrary" in several posts prior to my reply to yours so I was a bit frustrated that I wasn't getting my message across.
This is probably due to my own inability in effectively communicating my rationale.
I've removed the tldr because I realized how condescending it sounds.
In my defense, I am slightly drunk and have been having a bad day (in part due to my significant duration of unemployment since graduation) so sorry if I came across as such :)
What you do outside of class can outweigh your GPA completely.
I know someone who graduated with a 2.5, but got a job instantly because he was on the local news for converting his car to run on cooking oil right before that got popular.
A noble effort though.
That powder always gives you away
Ol here's the non Brit version he was DRINKING tea and accidentally drank French fry grease from a bottle...
Buying the wrong thing and being out a couple of dollars, one hell of a story for sure.
There's a place in hell for people like you who do this
True it was a win, I just felt like a very relieved dumbass.
Well normally I would but I just dished out $4k for a car, and with no income...
I know think of all the things I could have used that money for.
I believe so much of deep throating is mental.
I love to deep throat but I have to completely concentrate on my technique and give it 100% effort.
to his reaction makes it enjoyable.
I feel powerful.
a man groan "oh you make my cock feel good" is a complete turn-on for me.
The last 2 men I have been with have told me they have never experienced a BJ as good as what I've given them.
I have 6 of ( to do and only 5 days to finish each one.
fffuuu-
No i don't have small hands.
That is about half an inch or more.
Can't tell if sarcasm or stupid.
Ouch, I feel for you.
Then again, it may have been better to have had and lost then to never have had at all...
Okay I think you have just missed the point of the entry.
I was trying to be ironic in the first place.
oh man, that's tough.
Give it a week, people forget stuff.
on your boyfriends pervasiveness, you may not have actually fucked up.
Yeah I did.
You have earned my upvote.
Thanks for explaining without being an ass.
Not too far off!
But we can't sleep together because he snores loudly and I'm a light sleeper.
How do you know that neither of you have reduced fertility?
TIL precum has no sperm.
Can it still carry pathogens though?
How did she word it when she said she didn't notice?
Tone is also a big factor
Haha, well, I was expecting the story to end very badly, since you posted in TIFU.
I was glad to know it didn't.
What the fuck man?
Dick move
yourself educated.
Sorry for the crap, posted from iPod.
NSFW/NSFL.
Going to clear history and website data now.
How does that work out for tomorrow?
Will you still have a job?
She meant it.
a woman let you put your penis inside of her
that is quite sad.
i think you'll do fine.
you sound like you have your head on straight.
you only live once and college is not all what it's cracked up to be, anyway.
most liberal arts majors go into job fields totally different from their degree.
my neighbor is also an major and he's a fireman now!
THE FUCK.
A sip of rum made you fucking puke.
What are you, 12?
I mean, shit, I shoot 151 for shits and giggles.
Shit, son!
I had one or two goose egg semesters in my day, but I didn't get to spend them as awesomely as you did.
You'll recover.
I think nearly all of us has experienced a similiar degre of this pain.
Shoot I failed two classes on my studyabroad to Israel.
I joined the air force afterwards.
Good luck dude
You're doing it right.
buy her an apology card and add "about the boner" and tell her this is About The Boner when you hand it to her.
no smiling.
make sure it asks if she forgives you with y/n/m so she circles one.
assure her it wont happen again and say lets try another nap
squeeze the thumb of your non-dominate hand in a fist, hard.
nervous system trick.
this will nearly eliminate your gag reflex allowing for ample boners in your throat
fuck you this isnt missed connections craigslist
GODDAMNFARMSHAMAN: a bunch of stuff about academic forgiveness, GPA not mentioned anywhere.
LilyMe: some rambling post that is obviously disputing a post that asserts that GPA doesn't matter.
a reply to the wrong post.
It took a while to plant the idea, but it looks like I've done my job perfectly.
ouch, that sucks for you, i drove my tractor to a girls house once cause my dad took my car keys lol, sometimes you gotta improvise
whats this lost?
its still there, a shark couldnt bite mine off
The last girl I was serious with tried to get kinky during a BJ.
In the middle of our "intimacy", she goes, "hey, I wonder if I can deepthroat you" and before I could even respond, she shoves my dick into the back of her throat.
Which was okay, except that while she was doing this, she dug her teeth into the base of my penis.
What started out as amazing ended with me in immense pain with blood pouring out of my penis.
I'd take having to clean a little vomit off my shaft over that any day.
You're not going to like what I'm about to say, but paying for another semester of college is going to cost you far more than taking another trip to .
really bad.
Even completely barring any academic repercussions you might face, financially you made an unbelievably stupid decision.
a chimney fix in july with a specific excuse leading to it...
As many people have said in this thread, it depends on the field.
cant say it hasnt happened to me, but shed have noticed if it was me...
if you catch my drift
epic!!!
nightmare headbutt!
give all the upvotes!!!
My girlfriend can do it, but only for a few seconds then she gags.
If your bf got really mad, then he's an ass.
You run this risk with deepthroating and practice, and you run the risk of poop on your dick when you do anal.
Any man who can't deal with that doesn't deserve it.
MUST.
HAVE.
THE.
RECIPE!!!
and safety tips so i dont set my parents kitchen on fire...
In my defense, I was drunk.
He was sort of like...
grossed out and proud of himself all at once.
FU of the year!!!
you sir are a dumbass among dumbasses, congratulations
awww poor hamster :(
That's not so bad.
What was your friend's reaction?
You could always pass it off as a joke that she'll be an "old timer" soon.
I can't believe this actually exists!!?
He meant it may have been better to have tried and lost than to never have had tried at all.
Not that your dick is gone.
It was this new 160 proof rum we were trying for the first time.
Also we had some alcohol in a cup, a can of coke, and were doing shots.
I grabbed the cup instead of the coke so I got a surprise double shot.
I was expecting coke, so it caught me off guard.
That is fucking...!
I punch my girlfriend one night while i was dreaming.
She didn't talk to me for two days.
I WAS ASLEEP not my fault.
give it a wank
I sure as hell wasn't trying to get a boner.
and I'm sure you said you were sorry!
women...
I was sound asleep and had a dream where, for whatever reason, i threw a punch and it happened in real life
Only if you're dealing with a stupid person does it matter.
people figure out another way to see how valuable a potential colleague will be.
I read this was just a placebo effect Oo
How did you manage to stay friends?
Are you a wizard?
You need to wake up and realize this is the internet.
Assume anything exists.
Sex.
ah ok, that hurt my pride a lil but upvotes for clearing that up, thanks sir/madam/etc
It basically is.
Doesn't mean that it won't work though.
Causes your body to focus on something else other than gagging.
Hey it doesn't hurt to try it!
I really like trying to get my SO in as far as I can, but one night I was kind of drunk and he kept trying to fuck my throat, I puked like three times =/
I mean I was pushing my face on his dick and I did want to do it...but I just couldn't handle it.
hahaha, aw man that sucks - you'll laugh about this in a year or 2 pretty hard
That happened to me and my hubby.
We were trying out a different position and he went too deep.
Next thing I know there's puke all over both of us.
We washed up, changed the sheet and continued getting it on.
No blood, no foul.
TL;DR - OP is a sex wizard.
Thats fucked up (my GPA would probably be .5 points higher if i could have done that.)
you will, this is more funny than sad.
Try to treat it as such, you're probably young, so don't bring it up all the time or in weird places, but don't act different either.
Forget it happened until your in your 20's and joking around with pals telling funny/embarrassing stories.
You'll win, and it's gonna be funny as hell.
Not your fault, what did she think was going to happen.
You can't move during REM sleep.
elaborate?
This exact same story happened to me about a month ago.
Except it was more that I told her right then.
Then found out she has a choking fetish after I (jokingly) told her I could kill her very easily (my arm was laying on her chest).
Then we had sex.
, your brain is so jumbled during REM sleep (when you dream) that you can't perform basic motor functions.
, this is not always true (e.g.
sleepwalkers).
From what I've been told you can react like this when you wake up even if you had the actual dream hours ago.
hm.
So you're saying I was awake, I probably had this dream awhile before I actually headbutted my ex girlfriend in the face?
I had a horrible nightmare one night and ended up dropping the people's elbow on my girlfriend.
I felt so bad still do until this day, I really smoked her..
You could have been listing to ( from Rent
I don't care if I think they're stupid - in fact, I hope they pick off the cops ahead for me so I have less to worry about!
not like the other day when some old guy who looked frightening was going 25-30mph for 13 miles in a 55mph road...
and he'd slow nearly to a stop when going around curves.
I was truly amazed the highway patrol officer behind him didn't do anything about it!
People will go around when they get the chance, and if they have to do it forcefully, it creates an unsafe environment for everyone around.
It's a simple rule - slower traffic, keep right - that's it!
/Rant
It's not that your brain is scrambled; your brain more or less disconnects your basic motor functions as a survival mechanism.
, our ancestors would have likely sleepwalked into the waiting jaws of a smilodon or something.
, though, the mechanism doesn't work for reasons that aren't yet well understood and people do all manner of peculiar things including sleepwalk, sleep eat, and sleep sex.
Ben in North of ?
Oh yeah, I know him.
He died though.
His skipper capsized and he swam down until dead.
Good chap.
Did you at least clean it up afterwards?
just lie and say you kept having panic attacks.
If they don't believe you, since you were in you could come to reddit, get some pictures of spiders, go back to them and say "This is what gave me the panic attacks.
I read this, and I couldn't stop laughing for a good 10 minutes.
You, sir, have made my day.
Talk to your councilor, get on academic probation and study hard for your last year
My fav tl;dr yet
im thankful you drive that way, i drive the same.
but again, thank you for being a polite driver who pays attention on the road
Oh god, hahaha thats great
I bit my ex-husband and drew blood.
I was 5 months pregnant at the time and all I remember was that I had a dream involving him and whatever he did in my dream caused such intense rage in me.
I woke up to being slapped in the face and my ex-husband screaming at the top of his lungs.
He had a very nice imprint of my teeth with a lovely stream of dripping blood attached.
It took quite a while to heal and as of 2 years ago, he still had a scar from it.
TL;DR - Don't piss your pregnant wife off, she'll bite you in her sleep.
I drop elbows on my wife pretty regularly.
My favorite though was after Marty Turco retired, he was being interviewed and was asked the basic "how does your family feel that you're home more now?" type of question.
He said, "My wife isn't a fan." When asked why, he replied "Well the other night I broke her nose while we were sleeping.
I was trying to make a glove save, and it didn't work out too well for her nose."
Sooo...
did she like it?
MMF threesome?
Now that is what I call a "can do attitude"
for two years.
unsw?
arcadia?
beach street?
kuwarra?
am i close?
We were on flat ground.
On gravel actually.
I hit the brake immediately, that was my first reaction.
And yes I plan on asking my dad how to drive stick when he gets this truck fixed.
My self-esteem would be a bit hurt if the same thing happened to me.
50/50 chance I woulda screamed zombie and grabbed something sharp.
as someone who has been on the receiving end of this messy embarrassment, while it was a bit gross, it did not feel bad...
relevant username?
yeah, like that's not a disaster waiting to happen.
I've managed to kick an ex into the adjacent wall..
that was awkward in the morning.
dna test man.
this is par for the course when you put your head in a man's lap.
she probably would've been offended with no boner too.
this sort of thing does not ruin friendships, OP is thinking of this relationship in much too fragile terms.
she's a human being with her own actions (specifically, sleeping on your dick) and initiative (again..
your dick), not a china doll.
stand your ground OP.
note to self: 'joke' to all girls i meet i could kill them very easily!
and are you OP or the girl in this story, if the same thing would happen to you?
Is she single now and ready to mingle?
with you?
Are you saying that you can watch naked women on the interwebz??
At least 2 of my close friends girlfriend's have seen my willy.
I have reasonably regular hot tub gatherings and these often end up with much nakedness (not sexual, pure banter!).
first messege and you get 500 upvotes
fuck, im 2 month in and i just managed to turn my votes to the positive side because i made a joke which people didnt like and got 130 downvotes.
I made that mistake at an interview to work for a bank, once.
"Where do you see yourself in a year's time?"
"I think that concludes our interview, Mr ."
If I was lying on some guy's lap then I don't think I would have been bothered by a boner.
If I was getting that close I think I'd might want to be more than friends and I'd never give a guy shit for getting a boner.
They can't damn well help it.
Of course, this doesn't apply if you have (
the right move.
They'd find out eventually, and they'd be pissed as fuck that they hired and trained you just to see you disappear in 3 months.
I studied abroad there last semester too, where were you?
I have to disagree, cause I sometimes scream (and woke up with my scream!).
Other times I lie in one side of the bed and when I woke up, I'm sitting on the opposite corner of the bed.
There was one time that I also punched my gf...
And now you came and say that all these times I was awake.
, but interesting point of view
You can.
It's just harder.
It's not that movement is impossible, it's that the signals are (usually) really weak.
If you strain, movement is possible.
The easiest parts to move are your eyes (hence the name) facial muscles and neck.
down usually is much harder.
Plenty of people move in their sleep.
This is well known.
While the muscle signals are mostly blocked, the strength by which this occurs varies between people.
And ofcourse sometimes it all malfunctions in odd ways (sleep walking, paralysis etc)
source: my messed-up sleep
Just don't try to explain it away by telling her you get excited over other simple things too.
don't give examples.
Hey, how you doin'?
Quite literally.
Hell, I can get up, walk all the way across the room, turn off my alarm, turn my TV on (no remote) and then get back in bed without even waking up.
Then I wake up a couple hours later wondering how my TV got turned on in my locked room and why my alarm didn't go off.
Being the guy and having a boner which can be ignored.
It'll be more flawing to get the reaction of "Oh god what's this giant raging massive thing under my head"
sometimes I do somethings during the night that I don't remember on the other day, like talk or open the front door of my apartment.
Ha ha ha that's gold.
accidental about this.
You chose to raise the towel, and by doing so you obviously intended to give her a quick squiz at your wang.
My wife has done the same thing, but she still finds it funny.
I don't, that shit hurt
You fart uncontrollably when you are aroused?
gentlemen, you are.
gown?
Boxers?
What's really going on here?
Maybe she'll just laugh it off.
That's what I would've done in her position.
personally (if I were you) my pride would've been hurt a little.
I mean her head/face was right there and she didn't notice anything.
Were you wearing jeans?
cloth like would've been hard to ignore IMO.
If your friend tells you to "show your man boobs" to anyone you have the right to reveal your penis.
Fuck him I hope you told him as much.
One time a dream monster had backed me into a corner, so I bit the shit out of one of its tentacles.
Woke up to biting the shit out of my gf's shoulder.
Must have hurt like hell, but she shrugged it off like a trooper.
f7u12 is leaking
Where did you bite him?
I don't really understand the obsession with the deep throat.
I'd take great headwork and shaft stroking simultaneously anyday.
Our children.
That was her plan all along.
is a wide spreading.
I think you mean perverseness.
that's...that's longer than what he said
that's not a tl;dr at all
Here's the twist: it's a boy.
Upper arm, right by the shoulder
I think it was pre-meditated justice for his fuck-ups in the future.
For that, I still find it funny.
Same thing happened to my friend a few years back, the woman and the boyfriend decided to keep the baby.
When the baby was born she went behind the boyfriend's back and got her DNA tested, results were that the baby was my friend's, not the boyfriend's.
I would make it perfectly clear to this woman your opinion on this pregnancy.
Act as though there is no question if the baby is yours or not.
Have a long talk with her, hopefully the baby isn't yours but if she decides to keep it let her know where you stand.
My friends biggest regret is that he was not there for the entire pregnancy and for the first few months of his daughters life.
me of the time I was in IT class when i was about 8 years old.
Worst day ever.
"you've been lifting weights?" - I've been asked that question before
sure..weights..
"accidentally"
You must be asian.
Yes you can still get a girl pregnant if you have unprotected sex and then put on a condom to finish.
, you cant pinpoint a conception date down to a day, mainly because its biology and nothing happens nicely, neatly and uniformly.
are the most accurate way of determining conception dates but even they have a large error rate which grows with time.
Sounds like gramps wants all of the delicious Bacon Brew to himself, greedy bugger.
So you aren't Amanda?
I figured he just locked the door on you again.
The weirdest I've experienced was having a girl call me in her sleep, missing the call, then calling her back while being asleep myself.
of us recalled it the next day, but I saw it in my phone logs.
a great conversation.
As far as I know I've never sleep called anyone else.
Hope yours did go a lot better!
Though to be fair it'd be hard to do worse ;)
Isn't that just an open relationship then, effectively?
On the other hand, everyone is expected to get an A when the tests are designed so that most people would get C's.
Chubby didn't have a chubby or it would be really awkward..
Hahaha, that was great!
I don't see how speaking a local language fluently has anything to do with being from the area.
I am fluent in but that's because I took years of , doesn't mean I live in a speaking country.
But were I visiting one or had just moved to one, I could hold a conversation with a native in the language.
with one arm only lol
I wouldn't worry about the license issue.
You will for sure lose your full license for a 30 days but if you really need it you can get a restricted license allowing for work, home, essential errands after 10 days.
And after 30 days you get your full license back till you're convicted at which point you can again get a restricted license for a year before you get your full license back.
As long as you're driving for job related or essential tasks, you should be able to get a license to cover it.
Also skip the public defender and hire a lawyer who has experience with DUIs and knows the district court officials.
They usually have dealt with the police officers and the DA's office so they can negotiate better.
One of my relatives is a lawyer, he has over the years shared information like this with me to make my life easier.
Hope it helps.
Did it hurt him ?
I mean the acid
It did, actually.
Good luck on your next test.
You can do it.
I use this for brushing my teeth and gargling water, but I guess that's a more creative use for it.
he thought maybe you bit his dick off
motherfuck, that would be awful.
Make sure it's one of those cards with a large popout when you open it.
I'm expecting a "IFU stole a car, lied about it while there is video evidence, and got arrested in the end" to surface in a few weeks.
all of a sudden he slaps me in the back of the head and yells "GO LAY DOWN" which is what he yells at our dog when the dog is being annoying.
i spilled water everywhere and was so freaked out i started crying.
he thought my head was the dog's ass!
it took me a good ten minutes to calm down and find it funny...
Uh oh.
It might not be.
I'm kinda jealous that OP can keep having sex with his ex :/
Fuck you, injuring someone's not funny at all.
"I'm sure my husband will find some way to upset me in the future, that makes my actions today acceptable!"
Take the gigantic nail studded dildo out of your ass
Try really hard to think...
If I did it in my sleep, it was intentional how?
back, hell yeah I think its funny.
You sir/maam need to chill
ahh, make's sense, thanks :D
Upvote for education!
DM;SP
Hey now, she found her way to NSFW, I didnt direct her there.
I have night terrors when I get stressed out.
Most of the time I scream but in the last few months I've kicked and punched my gf square in the back.
Still, that was a beyond fail.
Shit, I've drunk dip spit on accident and haven't vomited.
I'm just going to assume you did something along the lines of (
nope it'll be a disaster for both.
give it some time.
I'm a violent sleeper.
years ago, my husband had pretty major neurosurgery on his spine that involved an incredibly painful incision running along his lower back.
His first night out of the hospital (this was done out of town and we were in a hotel) I kneed him directly in the surgical wound while sleeping.
After that, he slept with like a wall of pillows between us.
, we returned to have another surgery where they cut open the back of his head to get to his brain.
He was like "I mean, I don't think you can kick me in the back of the head ..."
, there are many videos on the internet to show that this is a somewhat popular fetish on its own.
So, maybe you ended up turning on your BF more than you realize.
And how do i say that without sounding predjudice?
Not to mention Id like to keep my job too.
except I was trying to cover a grin...
she is asian afterall, im sure theres a massage palor/nail salon nearby thatll take her?
It's not gay if it's in a three-way
lucky little bastage
Hkuna Matata.
Dammit, you've found me out.
I'm secretly an .
Would you like me to tell you my story?
Please, entertain me.
Just don't allow the balls to touch.
I don't know, is she fresh of the boat?
Plead ignorance!
I probably shouldn't have, but for some reason I lol'd.
(heh, get it?)
I puked and shit at the same time and lost my retainer, lost.
You poor, horny fool.
Fuck up of the month!
but it was one of those dreams where your arms are really weak and you can't throw a strong punch.
WTF is this?
I have had several dreams in where I was involved in a fight, and it was as if I had zero stregth.
I never realized other people have had the same thing happen to them in a dream.
of buying sex, buy a fleshlight.
Or spend money on gym membership.
there is a saying in my house (mostly by me): If you haven't seen me naked, you haven't stayed the night.
Her sister was a little shocked and I told me my wife before passing out, "downstairs, naked, jen." She was little perplex but went back to sleep.
The next day, I told her the story and she thought something else at happened.
No one has ever partyboyed me again.
It's alright everyone, he's faster on a road bike.
I think we might just pull through.
I sleepwalk a lot, does that happen before REM or after REM?
[You say that when a username is relevant.](
plenty of milferino's at the gym!
, accidents happen.
It's not like she's never seen a penis before.
MFM.
"REM" is right on the surface of sleep just before you awake.
That's the space where you dream and your brain is "consciously" active.
So yeah it would be during.
I've sleep-walked lucidly before and it's right before the point where you fully wake up, - it's right on the edge.
it's a strange sensation.
It's kinda the complete opposite of paralysis - your body unlocks but your eyes don't really open observationally so there's nothing to overpower the sleep hallucinatory state.
(where as you kinda get both with paralysis, so the added reality makes you more lucidly aware of what's going on)
take a trip over to , man.
theres lots of guys who were just like you (shy, inexperienced) who really improved their game and even bettered themselves from reading that subreddit.
and when you have questions.
trust me, you dont need to do this craigslist bullshit.
Bite marks scar, mostly due to the insane amount of bacteria in a person's mouth leading most bites to become quite heavily infected.
I grazed a kid's tooth with my wrist playing basketball in 8th grade and I still have a tooth-shaped scar there 11 years later.
thats incredible.
I can't believe the term of events.
Dude just post in the guys section, you'll get a bj.
REM isn't the only time you dream.
Sadly, its true start eating right and working out.
I've never seen so many girls call me in my life.
Its almost like I let off scent or something.
Go to a bar after working out for 2 weeks, most girls will approach you.
probably just got the numbers mixed up.
No big deal.
Nobody's gonna come after you over anything.
Wtf is wrong with me?
You have actually answered your own question.
I got really drunk
My ex has done that to me, twice.
I can't explain how much i tried to discourage deep throating from any girl from that point on.
ummm no...
at least not that i know of
You know that feeling right when you are about to go over the first drop of a huge roller coaster and you ask yourself if this was really a good idea?
I bet that's what people fell when they agree to stay at your place.
yes i am, its not that odd around here lol, ive rode my horse to school before just because someone bet me i wouldnt do it
and what does that mean?
eh it depends on the chick.
I was on okcupid for a long while.
I ended up just going out to bars and banged a couple of chicks.
Your dick.
Read the whole sidebar, focusing on the inner game series.
You'll quickly find (or read) that before you start you pickup women you must improve your life.
Lose that extra 10 or 11 pounds and start to workout, find a job, start a hobby or skill.
Now personally i've never touched drugs in my life.
But I, like most everyone, went to high school, and i had a couple of friends/acquaintances who could probably find what she was looking for.
I sent them messages, after about 8 hours and no reply, i considered that outlet useless (8 hours internet time is like a week real time right?)
This is really scary.
A random cokeaddict offers you sex in exchange for coke and you message friends trying to score it for her?
Common man, wtf.
EDIT: gramar, spelling
Two email addresses.
One for work.
one for porn and other things.
Never mix!
hence why TIFU.
I read that in Caine's voice.
I'd rather have not sex than sex with a cocaine addict to be honest.
Keep going for shady stuff and you'll have an STD soon OP.
your phone, cancel internet.
I really don't think that is too bad.
Just talk to your friend about it and see if it upset her, I have said Way, way more offensive shit than that.
Don't forget to lawyer up.
Yeah dude.
I donate plasma for money and one of the things they ask you is if youve had any sexual liasons with people who have risky drug habits.
Thats a fast track to aidsville.
Severe brain damage yes.
Settle down.
Been down the drunken regret/all night crying path.
A few incidents like yours, but tons more that were different and still ended in crying all night, and then getting drunker the next day to feel better about it.
It gets progressively worse.
You drink more, and more often, to numb the shame and pain of the past.
I stopped drinking after a heavy 1-2 years of that.
It sucked.
I cried on the phone every night for hours wanting to drink.
I couldn't face situations without wanting to drink.
But after 8 months, I was only on the phone crying about it once a week.
It's been...
almost exactly a year and seven months since I stopped.
I slipped up a few times, but as of , I can't remember the last time I seriously wanted to drink.
It's not worth it for me anymore (hangover, stomach pain, feeling sick, week long mini-depression that follows).
bought me a bottle of vodka about three months ago and it's still sitting in my bedroom.
at it no longer triggers an urge.
tl;dr: stop drinking.
Long, long road ahead is completely worth it.
Being a virgin at 19 is fine, calm down and work on yourself instead of trying to hook up with girls who are selling their bodies on to fuel their drug addiction...
Saul .
Or spend money on gym membership.
And rake in all the conceited bitches that will inevitably ruin your life!
I was about to say that this is not a fuck up, but then I saw your username...
If you're going to keep going for the CL stuff, at least create a separate email to do it.
Poor guy...
Yeah, same here, I feel like crying if I imagine life without my baby, .
Delete facebook.
2 weeks?
That's a joke right?
There's not going to be any noticeable difference in 2 weeks.
Try 6 months and you might start seeing meaningful results.
funny thing is the opposite is true, people don't like to leave.
i can only attribute that my wife is a great host and it's always laid back.
a friend came for a week and left the couch to smoke and use the bathroom.
her sister was here last weekend and only left because she had to work the next day.
probably more to do with atmosphere than me flashing everyone which i hardly ever do anymore.
, that folks don't ever want to leave says many positive things about your home.
Also, if you start referring to your penis as any variation of the Loch Ness , I expect credit.
i thought this was common knowledge...
thats desperate but upvote for trying
please read, it will help with the gag reflex, it really works too.
my advice is to cut back on drinking, a lil bit is ok but dont get blackout/no control drunk cause thats when people do stuff like this but upvote for the story
I am sort of but still faster on a road bike so its cool
This was the best part.
No, you're an idiot for puking.
If a sip of gulp of strong alcohol makes you puke, that's pathetic and sad.
Or I'm just an alcoholic.
both of these are a factor.
I'm tapping out of this discussion, got to go get some rum and enjoy it straight.
the term of events
An interesting term of phrase.
there is a master plan that you're setting in motion...
upvotes for the most epic weekend ever
3 hrs a day for 14 days you'll see some results
also italian grandma?
I did that last month.
I feel your fuck-up pain.
your boy handled it like a champ.
I will try this, seriously.
actual..
Oh man, that sucks!
You really played that off poorly.
Did you get back in touch with them with a "correct" number?
You should've just said that you thought it was a friend calling and you were playing a prank or something.
Or even pretended to be a friend answering your phone: "Oh my god I'm so sorry, I thought this was someone else, let me give the phone to Eric."
You're doing it wrong.
random bear macing?
please tell me this wasnt in kentucky as i have a friend who randomly tazers people and this sounds like him
I asked my mom politely if I could use her kitchen to mix some chemicals, and she said yes, provided I clean up afterwards.
Well, it's nice to know what could have happened if I messed up.
Also, I'm not sure how much of the stuff you actually wanted to make, but next time try putting in smaller quantities, 1-2 grams of the stuff won't ruin a kitchen.
Lee works too.
Don't put yourself in shitty situations
this is amazing...
that is probably the best ending to a fuck up ever, i wish i could upvote this more than once
that is, hands down, the funniest comment ive ever seen, upvotes to you
Sex from hookers wont make you feel less lonely; tis a funny feeling when you get buyers remorse from a person.
Also dont let strange drug addicted prostitutes put their mouth on your schlong.
oh you silly son of a bitch
I'm female!
Didn't realize I should clarify that.
You say nice tits they softened the blow :D
Bobcat 's voice just makes is all kinds of sadder.
this sounds like a one-way ticket to an STD and low self-esteem.
you can get the herp from a BJ.
And stay away from , unless you want a lot of face slaps and ball punches.
I know you feel desperate but you're going to get over it, probably in about 5-6 months.
The desperation I mean, not the hormones.
Join the gym and work on a talent like playing the guitar or wood working.
you can both channel your energy into and show off as the skill develops.
It makes you interesting and gives you something to talk about when you approach women.
Women are people, maybe try starting by talking to women you aren't necessarily attracted to and making some female friends so that we're a little demystified.
Also fleshlight.
no you wont, you need at least a month as a beginner to show any results...even those results may not be noticeable to others.
That being said, the confidence you get from working out will immediately show.
S'all good man
What the fuck would possess you to do such a thing...
on you
, I barely even did it!
It was my friend logged in as me!
I recently got laid
Aren't you a virgin?
off
Ohh...
you're welcome..and here's a pre-emptive "Pics or it didn't happen"
we were texting and she hasn't talked to me since.
also she deleted me on FB.
Don't use facebook for trying to buy drugs, that's a great way to get caught.
Don't pay for sex.
Also try online dating instead of , you're way less likely to get stabbed / ripped off / raped.
It might seem hopeless now, but the more effort you put into meeting someone, the more likely it is that you will.
But did you finish?
Stop focusing on sex, start focusing on making friends.
You'll be happier and eventually you'll find a real relationship built on mutual respect, not a dangerous cheap hookup.
, some older women think a shy 19 yr old virgin is sexy ;)
At least it'll teach them not to stretch at the end of the 100 meter track (kinda stupid I think).
Imo she fucked up, not you.
Still, it was good that you weren't a dick about it and did show some sympathy.
I'd be surprised if wasn't a cop.
You're playing with fire, son, and you'll burn more than your dick off if you go this route.
If you must, use instead.
But don't just try to solicit sex.
If this guy is resorting to craigslist, he's already confused.
Don't fill his head with PUA nonsense.
He does need to work on self-confidence, but not PUA-style.
Sounds like you have a good friend, it'll be fine.
understand you man.
I do the same thing here and there.
Hate the spam, don't you?
it does get tiring.
Get out, work out, and just talk to everyone!
You'll get there.
I can't even say your parents are wrong.
They obviously want you safe and at home, which you weren't because there was a guy coming to shoot you that had to be dissuaded with firearms.
Listen to mom and pops.
This was a terrible story.
You are awkward and not the funny kind of awkward.
You mean lawyer down right?
couple of hundred meters
And he drove there?
Thank god I didn't google that and read the comments first...
And thats why you put your phone in a ziplock bag when you go to the pool.
Damn this is crazy.
I'm 18 and also a virgin but I'm too socially awkward to try something like that.
Are you still trying to find sex through craigslist or have you given up on that?
Little bit, little bit.
I agree some of it is pure crap, douchebaggey, or just plain stupid (mostly things you'd see on other forums outside of ) but some is pretty useful, cool, and mind opening.
There's even a few women who regularly comment and post threads.
Coming from the first link I gave him:
"The goal of this post is to give beginners enough knowledge to go out and start practicing immediately.
else is just a distraction.
The reality is that practice is the single best tactic.
Once you've practiced some, you'll have useful questions to ask and data about where you need help.
This is basic principles and how to apply them, and nothing else.
There's also a FAQ."
"Is Your Life in Order?
Pickup and seduction is not a cure for depression, loneliness, low self esteem, or poor health, and these can hurt your game in dramatic ways.
If you have problems in any of these areas, you should begin working on them as part of your process of learning game...
Work on your depression.
Many sedditors have recommended Good by David D.
Burns.
There's also a reddit for that.
Get fit.
You don't have to be hot to meet and attract great women, but it definitely helps"
get an administrative assistant to handle the details
Say he's part...
squid?
Pull the fucker out and hope that it didn't fuck anything up.
Not sure what your guy is into, but he might have liked it
PHBBTTTPPPHHHBBBTTTPPHHHBBBTTT.
( onomatopoeia)
doesnt hurt, but might make you puke
North cops are dicks.
We shot off ONE firework on the forth of July and my dad almost got arrested.
But, the thing that makes it fucked up is the fact that a street over, the rednecks were shooting off homemade ones made out of gun powder and they didn't even get a warning.
Hit the gym, delete the facebook, lawyer up
Isn't this the plot to Risky ?
Thats how it is in my part of NC too.
Sucks.
Butt.
Wow man,this is from over a month ago now.
And no, it was in , Canada.
How did you even find this post?
thats no fuckup if its a face-to-boob faceplant that is a win
Rule 34.
i got bored on TIFU, i comment on shit that makes me laugh
Are you single?
I think the real fuck up was was you sleeping with an ex.
She didn't notice your boner?
Ya, I'd say your friendship is safe.
So that's why my dad drove with the windows closed when we vacationed in USA.
Awww, poor girl!
I did the same thing once with my fiance...
I was leaning over to pick something up from the floor and she came up behind my head to kiss it, then I suddenly got up and hit the poor thing right in the nose.
Still feel horrible about that...
Here, (don't think it sells there) we use a product called Baygon.
It instakills almost anything you spray it on and it stays on the floor for a few hours.
It gives off fumes though.
Open all your windows and turn on a few fans before you start spraying.
I usually just park in first gear and not bother with the parking break unless it is on a hill.
For all the people mocking my penis size, It was off to the side and not directly under her head, which was on my other leg mostly.
You're a dick and your friends are dicks.
Why would you do that in a Wal Mart?
I shop there sometimes, dammit.
Now I'm gonna be so paranoid.
On a side note, props for not saying you "literally scared the shit out of him" even though you did.
Also, please format your wall of text.
I know man, I know.
I'm sorry for making you paranoid though.
It will man.
I'm probably going to hell for this.
Don't let it happen again, .
Maybe you should contain your forts to basements or back yards.
I didn't even think about that.
That makes this even worse.
To be fair, it is pretty funny.
Ok, it's been half an hour now.
Can you please add some paragraphs?
It will make this much easier to read and you'll probably get more people reading all the way through.
After this, I wouldn't even consider it.
I probably scarred that little kid.
Well he shat himself.
I would say you scared him.
I'm sorry good sir or lady.
I havent had the best of days either (this event aside).
It's all good with the comments, no harm done!
Hope tomorrow goes better for you
Now you fucked up the formatting.
Edit: Hit enter twice for a new paragraph.
Don't try to tab / indent your paragraphs.
I realize this.
I dont have access to a computer as of now (give it 30 minutes), and I tried on my phone, and failed miserably.
I'll give it another go.
It's okay, I laughed.
No, I don't want a relationship with her.
Just friendship.
Any better?
Lol I'm surprised he got any upvotes.
I think the OP subscribes to the "had sex, doesn't matter" school of thought.
Unless the men are actually into each other ;)
But are you a girl??
EDIT: gramar, spelling
Girl look at that body
Why does it make people itch?
I build houses and I put insulation between studs because no one else can stand the stuff but it doesn't make me itchy.
It's not like he did it on purpose.
It may be a little awkward for a while, but it'll be good for a chuckle later on.
not sure if trolling, or just extremely stupid, desperate and horny...
In 5 or so years this will be hilarious.
Looks like you have been shadow banned.
I have approved your comment.
it means no one can see what your comments or posts in this sub.
it can be seen only if one of the mods for example me approve it ...
if you are not a spammer or a troll, send a message to this to get it rectified
if it doesn't work try messaging them independently ...
Yes, nice girls aren't attracted to fit men.
The apostrophe should be before the S, as it's "it" that's being removed.
Why did the golfer carry two pairs of pants?
it scared the crap out of thier dogs!
I was quickly discharged.
Well, that's better than the attempted murder that several TIFU posters have gone through in the same situation.
Bravo on your GF's dad for taking it in stride!
Been there, done that, sucks for you, girl.
Pro-tip: Stay away from guys who want to face fuck you.
saw it on fb to be honest
He's actually a really cool guy.
Later that night he pulled me aside and asked if I had protection with me, he wasn't mad at all.
im so confused.
What kind of tea was it?
in my family looks at me like I'm crazy because I drink tea and not coffee...
The only person in many years, 50-something, maybe?
Hooray for metaphors!
You should listen to this one.
He is the Poop Master, he knows what can go wrong when you make someone poop themselves.
You're lucky, I couldn't keep anything down for two and a half days, the last day was at the hospital.
I had a "stomach ache" for a day and refused to eat, ate the next day and vomited, and didn't eat for half a day.
Then they put me on a clear liquid diet.
That "soup" sucked.
I ate jello like a crazy person.
Edit: mistake.
So I don't date a lot, but if you like someone, go for it.
I know you've probably heard this hundreds of times, but you've heard it that much for a reason.
It's really that obvious.
And Morgan makes it seem a bit gentle, like The .
Better Call Saul!!!
Holy shit, that's terrible.
I would feel SO bad forever.
I would honestly want to hit you if I saw this.
I hope you have some karmic justice headed your way.
That being said, did anyone notice?
Why would you do that in a Wal Mart?
I shop there sometimes, dammit.
Now I'm gonna be so paranoid.
Hahaha right?
Looks like I have to wear adult diapers to .
Yup, we'll see him in about six years on one of those threads about childhood fears/trauma.
You know, the ones that always end up with dozens of vividly described stories of how everyone evidently shits themselves in grade school?
Then it'll all pay off in comment karma for him.
will empathize, someone will buy him reddit gold, and he'll be king of the internet for a day.
Is anyone else curious as to why his friend had an air horn in her purse?
Left mine in the mailbox once (area where it's a block of mailboxes every 20 houses or so).
kindly returned them to my doorstep, and I rekeyed the locks the next day.
Dafuq did I just read?
I realize that fully.
, it is not a classy affair (imo) to catch them while still hot.
Ahah..
My first time in the shower..
I had no idea what the hell I was doing.
After about 10 minutes something felt weird.
Next thing i know, its all over my face, in my mouth and nose..
It was horrible :)
Or some paraplegic in a wheelchair?
It could have scared them so bad, they tipped over.
Best TIFU involving poop, but not OP pooping onself.
I apologise for the confusion caused by my choice of words.
By 'tea' I meant dinner, as in, the evening meal, rather than the popular hot beverage.
No TL;DR;DR
is known for its strict policies on correct grammar.
Get some pliers, grip the bit of key that sticks out, and pull it out.
You may have to get a new key made after this, but it's better than not being able to start the car.
When we're out with the family, it's not uncommon for my wife to run into a store or hit the bathroom at the park with our daughter while I buckle the other kid in.
I tend to pull the car closer if I have time.
and kids she doesn't recognize.
She apologized profusely to the horrified woman and pointed to my truck which was 50ft behind this one; same style and color - to try to point out that she wasn't in fact crazy.
edit - adding:
: I had this awful little hatchback when I was younger - and by some weird defect, my key opened the door to most of the same model cars - but wouldn't start them.
I inherited this car from my mom - at one point she unlocked the door and jumped in the car...
then realized the shifter looked weird - ours was a stick and this was an automatic.
That makes sense.
Just wonderin how you found the post
You built a fort out of boxes in and damage a kid's ears.
How fucking old are you again?
Classy doesn't give a fuck about getting laid.
Edit: I hate it when people delete posts so here's what this guy said:
"Classy doesn't get laid"
Should've swigged the coke too and shook your head a little - make a nice cocktail!
At a party one time, an alcoholic friend of mine asked me to grab him a shot - surprise him...
I found the .
It stayed down approx 27 seconds before he puked it back up - but, at least he made it to the bathroom!
eh, you didn't mean to - she's an evil bitch, and your life will go on...
and you'll pay more attention now.
I want to see a TIFU ending with the dad cheering them on.
Rape whistle more than likely.
Sounds like Canada needs to step up Dental care too, unless they want you all to start looking like Brits!
They apparently have nothing better to do than hang out in a , so...
probably teenaged and in a small town.
self defense.
I've done this before only other people were inside the car.
Good thing they locked their doors.
Maybe with a guy's dad.
I don't know what state you're in, but if it's , there are some things you really need to do within the first 10 days...
reply if it is and I'll give you some tips.
As for the rest - you fucked up...
you get it.
you don't know yet just how long this is going to haunt you or how much it's going to cost in the long run...
best of luck to you, and don't EVER let it happen again!
I've done the same thing multiple times.
The most recent one was a bummer too, she asked me to the prom but ended up having to fly to a wedding in .
People kept saying she likes me but I was thinking she was just being nice.
A few weeks after she gets back she ends up dating a guy named Sean for a week (my name is Sean too).
You hear that?
It is the lack of fucks everyone gives.
He knows it will happen, might as well make sure it was safe.
I must be an awful person because I found this incredibly hilarious.
I always try to blend it in with humor or say it in a joking manner because I have no self confidence and an incredibly low self esteem.
Don't be dumb.
You know how guys get pissed when women don't tell them exactly what they want?
It goes both ways.
What does it take?
10 seconds of manning up to ask a girl out?
(sorry if this seems harsh, not really ment to be)
hahahaha haha hahaha, oh fuck, hahahahaha
My grad school advisor did this, and actually sat down in the passenger seat with a friend of mine sitting in the driver's seat.
He looked at her, and in an accusatory voice, said "you are not my wife!" He then hopped out of the car, slammed the door and stormed off.
This was around par for the course in terms of his interpersonal skills.
Lol ya I hear that you obviously give enough fucks to comment about it.
I know what you mean, I'm just afraid of it ruining the friendship.
Had to stop reading a couple times to laugh.
I feel bad after reading the comments...
it takes so much effort to reply to shit you read.
Get over yourself.
You aren't that important.
In fact, once this chain of replies is done (I'm sure you'll have something else to say, people like you always do) I will forget about you and your shitty existence.
will eventually do that.
But seriously, there really isn't much of a friendship if you are constantly thinking about dating her.
I know I will most likely feel sick every time I see the girl in my story until she breaks up with this guy.
I don't see her now since I've graduated.
That, and my phone is disconnected because thought it'd be a great idea to give me a $1,000 phone bill...
Shit bro, that be cray.
$1,000 phone bill...
Yeah, no idea how it happened considering it was my second month with this phone.
They won't work with me either.
How do I nominate this for fuckup of the week?
I'm in tears I'm laughing so hard.
I actually found this pretty funny and after reading the comments, I've come to the conclusion that I am indeed an asshole for thinking so.
I still find it insanely hilarious.
Funny isn't always nice, as my dad always says.
You will be a wonderful parent.
hahaha i made that comment like couple hours before i read this, thought it was going to be helpful
just curious, is it normal for people to have "a few drinks" by themselves?
If I'm at a bar alone, I usually won't have more than one, unless I'm about to get on a bus or plane and need the buzz to fall asleep.
To be honest, I was curious myself.
It wasn't a really big air horn, it was small and compact.
I think it was used as a rape whistle in emergencies.
I have no idea, I'll ask her later.
As stupid as it makes me sound, I'm actually I'm college.
Small town yes, but I'm here for summer, and it's incredibly boring.
I guess to don't know why bars are so popular.
Reddit seriously fails to take a fucking joke.
There was an employee in the next section, and she turned around, but didn't know where it came from, so he went back to work.
So yes someone noticed, just didn't care enough to
go look for it.
And honestly, I know I deserve some karma justice.
It was awful.
After reading the comments, I realize that it could've been much much worse, so I got off easy at least.
I know, I know.
, I really do think he'll be fine (hearing wise).
It wasn't like it was for 30 seconds, right into his ear.
It was for 3 seconds or so, and he was a meter away (doesn't help much, but it does some), his ears should be totally fine.
I still feel like an asshole.
I just sent her a text and asked.
It's in there for use as a rape whistle.
I don't know why she has an air horn vs a whistle, but she does.
If so, you made me chuckle.
Is she ?
If so, it's probably to make attackers think they're missing a hockey game.
Is there a organ in there as well?
No, she isn't , and if she could fit that in her purse, I would be impressed.
My boyfriend tosses and turns a lot because he sweats like crazy, and has to constantly readjust.
He frequently drops his semi-closed fists right on my face, knees me in the back, or elbows me in the tits.
TIL a lesson in responsibility from .
OP Better deliver...
I assumed it would be an agoraphobic tale.
Like you don't know.
You're actually you're college?
By the way, I don't care what everyone says that was funny as fuck.
Her number...
You found Jenny
My day is not complete until I scare some children
in AZ, you can spend about $7.50-$8 on a pack of or Camels.
run you almost $9.
You two obviously truly love each other.
May you have a long and happy union...
and may you die first, I guess, so you don't have to experience life without her.
Rose?
Don't beat yourself up, her friends sound like fucking twats for putting the both of you in that situation.
It's not your fault, bro.
Edit: And for sure do what said.
You haven't blown it yet.
Nope, sorry.
You have earned my respect, sir.
hopeing they dont report me to the police, but if they do, i'm coming clean %100, as i don't think i've committed any crimes yet.
No, you moron.
If the police come, don't say a goddamn thing.
I think I'm about to shit myself while laughing, oh sweet fucking Jesus my abs hurt!!
With a honey in the middle, there's some leeway.
"..my lovely lady lumps.."
asked you mum if you could use "her" kitchen
A lot of people without a sense of humor...
The guy knows he fucked up, which is why he's posting here.
He obviously feels some form of remorse.
There isn't really a need to tear him a new one and call him an asshole and whatever else.
Its reddit.
the fuck up.
If he did it to someone someone closer to his own age, which he intended to, it would have been hilarious.
It was just bad luck that it turned out to be a kid.
does not mean scared.
Are you fucking Emily?
Then why did you say meter?
Hu?!
fishy is going on here.
That's true, but there are people not as classy as you.
reasons.
People outside the US read Reddit, and since most other countries use metric, I figured I should use meters instead of feet.
, I find the metric system much much easier to use.
I don't understand what your first sentence means
You're getting a ton of flack in this thread, but I think this whole thing is fucking hilarious.
Now that kid has a story to tell on a site like Reddit in 10 years.
Most people outside the US spell it metre though.
Woah...it comes full circle...
That is awful.
I am sorry.
It's not fun.
explosives explode.
I'll remember that one.
What if that elderly person walked into a store that got robbed?
What if they got in to a car accident on the way to work?
What if they slipped on something at the store?
Stop worrying so damn much and enjoy the story.
I suppose you are the type of person who would sue everyone involved if this happened to you.
I absolutely despise these sort of comments, but that was my exact reaction when reading the story.
hilariousness.
Um, he was closer to the airhorn than the kid.
If it would deafen anybody, it would be OP.
But guess what, this won't even come close to making you deaf.
This is like 1 second of exposure to a rock concert.
And startling people will not give them a heart attack, or my brother would have killed me dozens as times as a kid.
Dude, don't sweat these people.
It was a dick move, but funny.
The kid was not in serious danger like they are implying, maybe a frail older person could have but that didn't happen.
If anybody was going to go deaf you were closer to the sound than the kid.
Did you even have any sort of ringing afterwards?
People blast those things at games, cops blast them at crowds, track meets use them, etc.
They aren't that loud.
We built a fort inside of this case, and hung out in there for a while.
I pooped a little.
That was hilarious.
My friend once hid around the end of her kitchen divider and scared the poop out of a 4 year old she was actually being paid to babysit.
She was mortified but I found that funny also.
Scare on, young grasshopper.
This is not the case in this situation though.
Can't blame the guy as he apparently just met her in these last few weeks.
And honestly, I feel a month or so is a fine time to ask which is what he did.
Timing just kind of fucking sucked.
I meant to say in.
Ha ha, I didn't mean it that way.
I meant the op is obviously looking for girls, so may not be interested in you if you're not one.
Whole new meaning to that song!
This is 'murica.
Forget about the heathens from terrorist countries.
Then again, you likely area terrorist since you enjoy scaring children.
I like you.
You got style.
I'm dying know what kind of AMG it was.
There's nothing wrong with a bit of childish fun sometimes...
just try to avoid making kids defecate next time.
So they can't move, but somehow an airhorn scares them into the ability to move, at which point they tip over their wheelchair and can't move again?
Why weren't the doors locked, would be my question.
No Joke!
I find this hilarious!
Its not like that kid is traumatized for life.
It would be interesting to find out what would happen if in the future he attempts to rape someone who has an air horn in their purse!
One day will be forgotten.
please tell me you're at UL lafayette and that we can go do this again sometime today.
+ Sugar = smoke bomb
+ Sugar + Sulfur = gun powder
charcoal is added as well but adding the sulfur is "close enough" to get the explosive effect.
Of course they wouldn't be exactly the same, but your hypothetical situation was not exactly the same as what happened either.
Those are all very possible scenarios that you chose to ignore to emphasize the danger of his actions over alternate courses of action.
What if somebody happened to be holding a super fragile piece of artwork and they were made to drop it?
What if someone had a terrible case of the hiccups and he just cured them of it.
What if that kid had been constipated for the last 3 days and he just did that kid a major favor?
The point is hypothetical scenarios can go anyway, so just focus on what actually happened and enjoy the post for what it is, a humorous mea culpa from a stranger on the internet.
It doesn't really make him an asshole though.
Maybe you don't have a sense of humor, .
But it might just be because you Just don't appreciate this guys humor.
people is funny.
Edit: funny in my opinion.
You are awesome
Thanks for starting my day of with a good laugh
Its unoriginal?
How many times have you jumped out of some boxes with an airhorn in wal-mart?
can move.
It means they can't move their lower body.
Well, I could say "any asshole could do that" about most things you would do to scare people...
Also, this isn't trolling.
Calm down, it was an accident, it was just an innocent prank.
naked or spreadeagled naked?
Haha yeah, haven't crashed it since...
Well, that's a sticky situation.
Please let me know :)
I will deliver!
You are an idiot even if you did this to anyone.
Very, very naked.
As in naked spreadeagled on the grass naked.
There's grammar, and then there's local slang.
Ah, sorry mate.
I don't go there
that's ok.
it's time to start a new local tradition.
If it helps, I didn't think this was funny.
I didn't do this as a joke or for laughs.
Yes, I was a dumbass for accepting a dare this stupid, but it's not like I did this for shits and giggles.
which made me too chicken to stop just in case I got stranded
This logic will end up costing you a lot of money at some point in the future.
A blown engine is easily a $2,000+ repair.
I do what I can.
I just reached in the cupboard to get a coffe mug.
Bam, penis.
I never said it was logic!
I will fully admit that I was being a moron
There is usually a jack and a donut tire under the mat in the back seat.
holy fuck, ahahahahahahahahaha.
My mom once did something similar to me while I was half asleep taking a relaxing bath.
RAN FULLY NAKED FROM THE ROOM.
no no, it was, how the fuck does that work..
stunned.
I CAN FINALLY BRUSH THE BACK OF MY TONGUE!!
Yup, full spare tyre under the floor of the boot with a jack.
Yup - that's why I changed my locks after it happened to me, even though I had the key back.
I am crying because of just reading it...
are you a girl?
if so it's ok cause it's kinda cute
Over 60 means you die when startled now?
News to me.
I know 60+ individuals that go skydiving.
That is scarier than a blow horn.
Do they die when they almost get in a car crash or sirens suddenly come on?
Your understanding of old people as fragile people waiting to die is ridiculous.
Her dad was just adhering to the bro code "Thou shalt not cock block"
Oh praise jesus!
Yeah, I don't know your guys' relationship, but that came off as pretty damn rude on your buddies part.
This comment is, well, just a tad bit sexist.
Also concerning.
A girl crying shouldn't be cute.
Well that escalated quickly..
sorry if it came across that way, i was thinking more along the lines of the "waiting for my dad to rescue me part"
What bothers me, and perhaps others, is that the OP and his/her friends find their humor at the expense of others.
If one would not find it funny as the butt of the joke then the laughter of witnesses reflects a hideous enjoyment in seeing others in pain, not a good sense of humor.
Have done this multiple times, it's actually the best of both worlds.
Sex without the annoying relationship part.
"Meter" in and , "metro" in and , "metre" in French.
I think the UK is one of very few countries, where it is spelled "metre".
On behalf of men everywhere, thank you for sharing this wonderful knowledge.
Yup, you fucked up
I am female, but I take it as a slight to my pride when I have to be rescued.
Not that bad.
And plus watch deepthroat porn.
Puke happens 65% of the time.
meh, i wont hold it against you
Your father is a wise man.
They locked their doors when you were in there?
we need to fix our school system.
goddamn kids these days.
No, they had them locked so I couldn't open the door.
Would be somewhat awkward explaining how I wasn't trying to carjack them in the parking lot.
I just got to walk away with them probably very confused.
"Car feels really funny...hmmm, what to do?
KEEP ON DRIVING!"
Use your common sense.
Pull over and visually inspect the exterior of the vehicle.
A flat would be immediately obvious and save you some crying time.
You cried for an hour about a blown out tire...
you might need a vacation.
No offense.
This is TIFU.
Where people know they fucked up.
You didn't use correct capitalization and OP did.
Maybe you're the one that needs more schooling.
Well, crying probably didn't help anything, unless it made you feel better.
Take it as a cue to learn a bit about your car, something you'll likely spend a lot of time in throughout the years.
( and [check the oil/transmission fluid]( and how to add a bit incase you need to in a pinch.
Tons of videos on youtube and those few things are extremely easy I promise and it can make you feel a lot more independent/self-reliant when you're out on the road.
There are some areas I wouldn't necessarily want to break down in and not be able to get back on the road quickly.
The username.
First of all - the likelyhood is I'm not on YOUR school system unless you're from the UK
I've never had a flat before, I had a panic and lost out on some common sense for a little while, it happens.
It doesn't mean I'm an idiot, it means I'm human.
I've learnt from my mistake.
Yeah, as I've already said - I know I should have stopped, I was having a long stupid hour.
This is why it's a fuck up
it was less over the fact that the tyre blew out and more over the fact that it scared the shit out of me when it happened.
a tire is possibly one of the easiest things you can do on your car, apart from checking the oil or tire pressure.
Have someone familiar with these things spend a few minutes teaching you how to do it and this will never be a problem again :)
If I cried for an hour and felt pathetic because my tire exploded, then I would be worried about my mental health, IMO.
It passed the time.
I'm actually pretty decent with my car for the most part, the only standard bit I don't know is how to change the tyre...
well I do now, kind of, I think I'd still rather have someone else doing it...
as part of a standard UK driving test you're expected to be able to answer a question about checking the oil or tyre pressure etc.
I've certainly learned my lesson though, and now at least I know what a flat feels like.
Also - thanks for not being a dick, people seem to be intent on calling me an fucking idiot even though I've already admitted to fucking up by posting here --
Don't feel pathetic!
It's not your fault noone taught you how to handle that situation.
I probably would have done the same thing when I first started driving.
I'm glad you made it home safe.
I don't think the "just keep driving and figure it out when I get home" idea is a terrible one.
My dad's always worried I'll get stranded and kidnapped so he actually encourages me to do what you did and get myself home.
Or at least pull in to a well lit, very crowed area and call someone to help.
There's nothing fun about being a damsel in distress.
mmm, well I didn't cry for an hour solid if that makes any case for my mental health
and it was made worse by my mum being nasty to me
Thank you! I really should have stopped, but at least now I know how a flat feels and how to change it.
I was just lucky the tyre didn't blow out while I was on one of the proper fast roads rather than on the slower road I was on when it happened
You're not an idiot, but I have a feeling he might have been being sarcastic.
Either way it's probably wise to learn how to change a tyre.
Get a tire pressure gauge and check the air pressure regularly.
The ideal psi will be marked somewhere on the tire.
Having a blow out can be really dangerous if you're on a freeway or something so check that shit on the reg!
Look, I don't think you're stupid or anything, but I do think there might be some shit going on in your life that you should deal with.
Crying for an hour isn't okay.
I've heard it's really hard to keep the car straight during a blow out when you're going fast.
It could have been so much worse.
home seems like such a natural instinct.
I don't know why you're getting such crap for it.
Why would you pull over to check out your car if you had no idea what's wrong or how to fix it?
If it's working enough to stay on the road, just stay on the road and get yourself home.
Again, glad you made it home safe.
My parents have reiterated that girls with car trouble = bad guy magnets.
It's probably nonsense, but safety first!
I don't know if you've found ( yet.
Crying over nothing isn't as frowned upon there :)
Pardon me not knowing that.
Thats extremely interesting actually.
in the UK it is spelled TYRE
well it scared the shit out of me when it actually blew out, and sometimes when the shit is scared out of me I cry
My dad was on his way home from work when it happened, and so he didn't get my messages until he got home
In the UK the spelling is (
Thanks again =D
lol, I think a number of people are thinking I'm a bit nuts or something from this.
Did you ever look at the tires/tyres before this incident and did they seem rather...
worn or something?
It kinda makes sense.
With a whistle, you have to manage to get it up to your mouth, whereas with an airhorn, you just have to press a button.
What was it from, got the link?
is your name a reference to the peregrine falcon?
This happened to me on the highway.
My alignment has never been the same since.
The tyres are actually pretty new still - had my car serviced and MOT'd recently as well.
It's a crying shame actually because I'm now going to be forking out for a new tyre.
The car park at my work sometimes has a bit of glass hanging around, I have a feeling a bit got embedded in the tyre which eventually caused the blow out
I got called all kinds of names (
Some people come to TIFU to sympathize and other people come to feel better about themselves by contrast.
That later group I call "assholes"
Why yes it is, my favourite bird/animal in general
Sexist, yes.
or concerning?
I think you'd have to review at least 500 years of damsel-in-distress literature to say that.
The knight in shining armor legend runs deep in western society.
Well done on the proper spelling of tyre since he said he was from the uk.
it made me think of an old favourite tale from my childhood.
i had to google to find what on earth it was, it turns out it was:
The peregrine falcon wants to win a beauty contest.
I listed to it (and others on the same tape) many times as a child..
See I think by posting here I have already admitted that I was being an idiot and I've acknowledged my mistakes.
Just like in your post you were admitting that you were being silly for a minute.
I don't mind if people want to have a little chuckle at me and my idiocy but calling me a fucking idiot is a bit over the top o0
The key is to loosen the wheel nuts BEFORE you jack the car up.
Since then you can apply full (foot) force without worrying about knocking the car off the jack.
I too am from the UK so it needs no congratulations.
I think I'd still rather have someone else doing it...
I consider that kind of willful ignorance.
If I have a flat tire I would always rather have somebody else change it for me.
It is a lot of work.
But we can't always get our way.
I don't know how old you are but it is always good to practice being independent because you never know when you will need it in the real world.
Heh I'm Irish but spent 10 years in the USA (I'm in London now).
It used to drive me crazy seeing ads for "car tires".
force from your foot instead of using both hands carefully can end up breaking the lug/nut and then you'll be rollin on 3 lugs instead of 4 :(
At least you didn't shit yourself while crying.
The majority of is people shitting themselves.
for only crying!
Good point but when it's pissing down from the heavens its always been easier for me to carefully apply more and more foot pressure.
I only ever seem to get flats when it's lashing rain.
Oh fair enough.
I had to change my mothers tire the other day and the lugs we're so old that I had 3 break off, even though I was doing it the correct way :(
They probably couldn't eat afterwards.
call a tow truck!
Also, ( pattern when putting the lugs back on.
This makes sure that your tire goes on evenly.
Also two passes on tightening.
them all once.
Then do it again.
Trust me, personal experience has taught me that a loose tire sucks.
(well more of a roll, it's just that it keeps rolling without you.)
PB FTW
It's not on the tire.
It's on your door card.
The one on your tire is the tire's max pressure which is usually a lot higher then the ideal pressure.
If they were newer tires the place you bought them from might warranty them.
Things will feel better after you sleep on it.
That's funny as hell.
I almost pooted
Yeah you should say you're sorry on FB for unintentionally insulting your friends retarded kid.
" to me she had a long term boyfriend" HAHA Love those slutty ones!
Id also take a shower in the morning, definitely makes me feel better.
thanks, i think
Have a go at changing a tyre say this weekend so you will be able to do it if it happens again.
You do know that in many companies IT can see everything you access on the net eh?
You boss could simply be thinking, wonder if Nick's be spending too much time just surfing, "Hey IT, can I get Nick's internet history please?" They pull it right off the server.
Also did you know pretty much every IM program out there except skype can be monitored.
Get yourself a smart phone and stop doing ANYTHING personal on work computers.
you have to manage to get it up to your mouth
In a conversation about rape, I find this relevant
Use your foot to loosen, not so much to tighten.
It's my understanding women like to feel protected, and men want to feel needed.
I don't see us making a good couple.
I don't know what a PB blaster is.
All my mind could conjure up is the image of a peanut butter cannon unleashing hell on an unsuspecting piece of bread.
And now I am hungry.
EDIT: And such a cannon WOULD be FTW!
Its settled.
very soon my friend and I are going to post these in public washrooms all over our "city" (18k people) We'll probably make the local newspaper.
sadly car-stupid.
I had a guy friend come over and he taught me the basics of changing a flat tire.
drove all sheepishly on that litlte donut tire thing to the store, got a new tire, will probably still call for help if I get a flat on the road.
Though I am reminded now that i should check the oil soon.
I also need washer fluid...
so this subreddit is here to make you feel bad about your fuckups?
, that's a GGG Dad right there.
I'm not sure this belongs in TIFU anymore because of the happy ending.
That's incredibly strange.
I've only ever seen an air horn used to call out warnings for when I'm watching mountains being blown up, so my mind automatically jumped to her also having dynamite in there.
What are you talking about?
I think that this deserves fuck up of the week
That depends on whether or not he would be into scat porn
spellings can be extremely shocking to some people.
Yes indeed :)
where is this coming from?
I passed on time, in 2012.
Score!
How'd you know!?
Do you mind if I ask you a film related question?
My daughter is interested in making short films.
She's in a class for it now.
Is there an affordable software or website she could use at home for film editing?
maybe he stoped there on his way home and was drunk enough not to drive back?
I probably would have reacted the same way, and unless you attempted to get in touch with me and apologize I would probably key your car.
Jeez, I was hoping you wouldn't!
Bad luck man, have a token upvote :)
Thanks for that, I actually found it a bit insightful.
But I still think it's cute in a way, and that is unlikely to change.
You are good man for that, -Jones.
You care for your wife very much, and that earns you my respect.
hahaha thanks x)
The doors were locked but my key apparently could unlock it.
What's a mattress?
flollop
glubber
I smell bullshit.
If you dry humped there is nothing to worry about.
...you do know pregnancy comes from...
fluids, right?
alright
1) calm down
2) I fail to see how this is manipulative on her part
It has nothing to do with manipulation or being used.
hopefully that clears up what I ment, I should have been clearer from the beginning.
Vomit is a fantastic lubricant.
So for future reference...
Stop ASAP if you have a problem like this.
If it WAS the engine you could have turned a small problem like being low on oil into a major repair (aka replacing the engine) by continuing to drive.
The manual for your vehicle will show you where everything is located in order to change your tire and in newer vehicles they have step by step guides.
If it had touched her mouth you could have called it a "Dry Blow Job."
TIFU and didn't pay attention in health class.
I've fucked up waaay too many times in this exact same way.
when one nearby started opening their drive-thru 24 hours a day...
Not quite sure how the film maker works, but if you make the mattress a propphysics, it'll most likely fall on it's side unless the entity has motion disabled.
You may want to use propragdoll so that it's a more realstic mattress.
that could just be Hammer.
As someone who's been making levels for a long time, never, ever search the full name, just a few letters.
Like, if I was looking for mattress, I would have searched "mat".
If too many things come up, add one more letter and make it "matt".
TIFU by thinking to have sex when I'm only a 12 year old nutbiscuit.
If this is fucking up then I am fucked
Man you have it easy.
My girlfriend's dad does undercover work and would probably kill me if that ever happened lol
The only thing worse than a stubbed toe is restubbing the same toe.
I somehow stubbed my pinky toe 3 times in one day...on the same couch.
I felt like an idiot.
I didn't break my toe, but my entire foot hurt so much that I couldn't walk.
A good headline for this subreddit would be: TIFU by correcting an person's spelling of the word "tyre".
You learned a lesson today right?
Am I the only one who thought of that silly rap song?
Holy shit, the OP is dating neo?
You mean walking it OFF.
If you were walking it out, you would be doing something like this:
ASL?
kitchen.
HAHAHAHAHA the UK is wrong, bro.
I have that same oven/stove.
Sweet, man!
Crying isn't the worst you can do.
Murder and rape is the worst you can do.
Hope you're all right.
Dads are great.
Can I have a sandwich?
Good on you Womans
make that 2.
i like sandwiches.
For some reason I'm now watching a bunch of guys on TV eat what appears to be a thin red sheet of jelly with some grilled vegetables on top and a pancake roll on the side.
What they've done wrong with their lives may take years to repair, your mistake only took a few minutes.
If it makes you feel any better, I've did that once, too.
And it was my neighbour's lawn, and they were paying me.
I was standing right outside the front door when all of a sudden a gust of wind slammed it shut.
It was so loud and sudden I screamed and then instantly cried --
For SFM you don't really need phys or ragdoll objects as it is all aesthetics for the picture.
It turns out (I think) that I can't even view the hl2 objects (bed frame and mattress) when I both play the map and use it in sfm.
sake goes with reflective floors...I cant see it in sfm but can when I run it (only using it as a set for a film I'm doing).
When I was younger I would do this to spite my dad.
Dont forget lemonade for those glistening sweaty boys doing the grunt work
Please tell me you had your ipod on..
Salami on mine, I feel salami always makes a sandwich better
As I've said to someone else - in the UK we spell it Tyre, in my mind 'tire' is used as 'I tire of changing all these tyres'
I have to say, I didn't know that there was an americanised spelling for tyre
BLT for me
There's windows movie maker.
It's free and decent for doing basic stuff but there's always the option of ahem "acquiring" more advanced software.
If she's interested, you could download tf2 and source-filmmaker and make short (animated) movies with that.
I eat the most simple sandwiches.
When I make one myself, it's normally a buttload of ham with some miracle whip.
If not that, I take refrigerated rye, loads of salami, and some cream cheese.
My German brother in law taught me this.
This reminds me of when we were using my Aunts van to move some crap around, including a heavy-ass CRT TV.
On the freeway and suddenly the rear left tire blows, you actually feel the thing just try to give and roll.
She controlled it thankfully.
Now if my cousin was driving like she wanted to, we would have been screwed.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
I've done this so many times.
It feels so satisfying before you figure it out, because you still see the pretty press marks (making you think that you're doing something).
No worries, I'm a man, and we do this kind of shit all the time.
"Did." Sigh.
If you think, mishandling machinery is limited to the female population, you are grossly mistaken.
I'm a male with lots of diy experience, and I
rode a car in 1st gear at 50 km/h (I still can't drive at the age of 31)
removed supporting beams of structures (repeat offender)
burned out good power tools by not knowing how to use them
shorted my homes electric installation by cutting active neutral wire and phase simultaneously with pliers
and much much more.
Don't think for a second this is a female trait.
We just don't admit it.
I watch you through your window sometimes...
im more concerened that this looks fucking exactly like my kitchen
See this is helpful - I quite often tighten screws in a diagonal pattern but that might not have occurred to me changing a tyre!
Oh believe me, when I inevitably have to do it again i'll check it, check it again, drive for a bit, check it again, then get someone else to check it!
I'm having to buy a new tyre today, so I'll be getting myself walked through the changing procedure
I'm pretty sure my car actually came with an extendible wrench rather than just a normal one!
So yay, no more expenditure for me!
Love your username
well - more like, give you an opportunity to have a little chuckle about it.
Why else would people want to share embarrassing stories?
at least when the oil is getting low you get a light coming on
It's odd how it's spelled differently - same language, different spelling for no reason.
Random o0
whyyy?
Yup, I should have stopped really, and I would have done if it had begun to sound worse.
It just sounded like the engine was whining a bit, I knew it wasn't the oil because I get a fuck off massive message on my dash and annoying beeping.
But yes I know that's stupid and next time I'll be in at the next lay by
=D this gave me a good chuckle, I suppose I could have taken the tools to change the tyre and beaten someone to death with it to make me feel better!
it's a bit of a backward response to a fright situation isn't it.
'OH SHIT, DANGER!
I HAD BETTER IMPAIR MY VISION BY MAKING MY EYES WATER AND CURL UP IN A BALL'
It gets on my nerves when I'm reading a book by an author and I see words like 'color', 'favorite' etc...
it just jars my brain for a moment because it looks so alien compared to 'colour' and 'favourite'
I'm pretty sure that as the we have the authority on the language - there's a ( the two spelling sets are referred to as '' and ' '
Either way, your good hairline ought to steal her heart.
Haha yeah...
and I felt absolutely ridiculous too.
If you can't poke fun at yourself then who can you poke fun at?
I bet they don't even lift.
Hello, crazy!
I think it is about how we learn(ed) to react to those things.
Women are often brought up with the "you're a woman, you don't need to/know how to/ can't do this" attitude.
This (in my opinion, looking at it from afar) results in posts like OPs.
And this is really, really sad - sooo much lost potential.
But even worse are the dorks that try hard to keep stuff "manly" domains by constantly reminding women how they can not do stuff, implicitly denying the possibility.
I could rage at that for days on end.
, reddits misogyneria gets its rocks off by declaring "women only" courses, places etc sexist.
The description makes me think this is a troll trying to start a "make me sammich woman" circlejerk.
its almost working.
Haha, ya fuckin' knucklehead.
Yeah, I think I probably put them off their sausages.
Can you explain...
the red sheets of jelly and pancake rolls?
I wish I could...
That's pretty funny.
Aww, I'm sorry.
I would freak out if my tire went flat while I was driving.
Oh, fuck.
HUMOR, SOMETIMES I JUST DON'T GET IT!
, a massive fag.
Tire
I really should get a roadside program like AAA.
I mean, I do my best, but my proficiency in life/etc lies elsewhere.
I look under the hood of my car and go "Uhm.
Now it's all..
new and..
more compact and..
At least my car savvy friend takes my dumb questions well :) But yeah!
Fuck the people giving you grief in this thread, we're not all terribly competent at cars, and crying can be a totally valid response to a sudden stressful and frightening event.
They don't get the right to judge you based on how you reacted - no one knows what you were dealing with or other things going on that might've contributed too.
So fuck'em!
IN THE EYE!
Tyre is the spelling, Tire is the spelling
Then you need to man up a little and learn how to change a tire, or at least call AAA.
=D I like you!
In a way I'm actually quite glad for the experience - now I know how a flat feels and I've learnt quite a bit about tyre specs etc
I actually get roadside cover with my insurance, but I'd prefer to not have to use it!
I'm actually ok looking under the bonnet - I know which bits I'm allowed to touch/refill etc and which bits I need to just leave the hell alone
Not to make you feel bad or anything, but couldnt you tell by the fact that you were not being blasted with the sound of gas burning and blades spinning?
You're :p
Also - I'm quite glad I now know how a flat feels so next time I have one I don't wreck my tyre by driving on it
I shall now stick to making sandwiches.
Don't.
would he not just make you do it again but properly?
Don't be so sensitive.
OP made a joke, we all laughed.
Nobody actually thinks that all women are incapable of using machinery.
Only you and the .
Other speaking countries use tire.
will give you an page of information for tire.
That is unless you have a bag on the side of the mower, which would start to get full pretty quickly and have to be changed several times.
From what I could tell, most people were just trying to tell you that If your car was acting up in such a drastic way, not pulling over was a big mistake.
Mind you, this is the internet and some people will find any reason to make fun of you.
Don't take that personally.
It just means they lack the stones to say what they feel to somebody in person.
ah no what I mean was my friends were making fun of me for not being able to change a tyre - I quickly pointed out that I'm usually better at 'man stuff' than they are anyway
Ask your dad how to change a tire.
Its good to know for those times when road side assistance isn't available or you cant get any help.
Also with some many creeps out there, you cant trust strangers to help you out.
of road side assistance, it is very inexpensive to have that added to your insurance policy.
If something like this ever happens again, you call them up and they can change the tire for you.
But I suggest to learn how to change a tire anyways.
page titles are based on what the page was called by the person who first wrote it.
If a person had started to write the article first, then the page title would be "Tyre".
That's because other speaking countries are using because it's spelled in a more phonetic way apparently.
All I was saying by pointing out that it's the spelling is that my spelling wasn't incorrect.
I don't like seeing colour spelt 'color' all the time but I don't criticise, that's just the way you spell it.
Also - I have a feeling that is a predominantly US based website - certainly a large number of contributors will be .
And ( confirms it, I let you be , please let me be
Yup, I'll be learning how to change it tomorrow.
You don't let me anything b/c you don't have any power over whatsoever.
I also don't have to power to let you be or not be anything.
They also teach in other countries the "" way.
I also use color b/c that's how you spell it in as well.
Not a whole page.
It only refers to it as the way of spelling it.
No real information.
It you go to Tire you'll see way more information.
And yet I doubt that.
TIL you can run a lawn mower with the blade turned off.
I'm a 43 y/o male.
But you came back in a manner that seemed to be trying to tell me that I'm wrong for using the spelling I have grown up with.
Even now you seem to be trying to tell me I'm wrong for using just because other countries are taught
Also you use 'color' because it conforms most closely to the Latin - at least, that's why that spelling was chosen in spelling.
To be fair, is a Latin based language anyway though.
Either way, I'm not going to argue it with you any more.
Don't then.
I also didn't say you were wrong for using your way version of the word.
That was your assumption.
Yeah, I think it's great to take an experience like this and grow from it.
one that's momentarily frightening.
I, myself, now know enough about how the tire changing works i could probably work it out if i needed to.
And hell, when I got completely stuck on the ice/snow this past winter, I manned up (womaned up?) and got sloppy disgusting wet and gross teaching myself to put the chains on.
( my fault, should've practiced in good weather, but NOoOOo I'll never get caught out in snooow...facepalm)
When my old car's cooling fan went out, my car-friend stuck his hand right in while saying "well if I start screaming, it's not the fan and I'll need a new hand".
It was Not.
Funny (he found it hilarious, though, since he already knew the fan was dead - I didn't).
Thanks to him, I'm now paranoid to touch anything under the hood unless it indicates it's for washer fluid.
He gives me some credit.
one of his coworkers thinks that after you've driven and the car's engine is making that "ting ting ting" sound it's in danger of blowing up.
Even silly old ME knows that's the sound of metal expanding and contracting from the engine's heat.
normal.
Though I got a lot of flack when looking for the new car...
They asked me what size engine I wanted, I said "uh..
one that goes vrooom?" Then they started in on tire rims and trim and my eyes glazed over.
And given my car was OLD, I was excited at the thought of having buttons on the dash that DO THINGS.
THINGS!
Who cares about what the tires look like?!
I could have BUTTONS.
OH That totally also reminds me - and I am completely babbling at you, I'm sorry - but I drove 2100 miles in that old car when I moved.
I was in the middle of NOWHERE (no towns for miles, flat open country, two lane road) when my engine went !
ANd my dashboard lit up.
THAT will make you pee yourself.
I blew the alternator belt (it charges the battery) in a terrible and bad way.
It went to shreds.
I finally found a gas station in the middle of nowhere that opened my hood and went "Huh.
Out in teh desert in a tiny town with one gas station, two old timers, all of my worldly belongings and a cat in that car.
I will admit I sat on the step as they poked about going "hummm" and wept.
But everything turned out ok :) They got the belt in, told me to check in with a dealership in the next big town I went through to be sure they did it right (oh so comforting).
So 90 minutes later the dealership was like "looks fine, what's the big deal?"
What's the big deal...
sheeez.
Hey, be nice.
He/she probably don't meant to have did that.
And I think you mean perversity.
[Do you sometimes feel like you're just not as smart as normal people?](
i wasn't needing to search in google, it was in Hammer i was looking for it.
Don't ask this guy , he cant even spell mattress.
Wow your votes kept getting downvoted because someone had their panties all bunched up.
You gave your opinion, but still got the down arrow.
Wasn't there a big blog post about what the voting is all about?
That sounds down right , see 5 minutes from home if the worst came to the worst I could have left my car in that car park and walked home until I could get someone to fix it
But out in the middle of the freaking desert!
This is why I'm glad that in the UK, there are no deserts, and if you're travelling a long way - there's nearly always a service station or an SOS phone o0
When I eventually get around to buying a new car, while I think I'd be OK, I would probably bring someone with me to make sure I don't go crazy!
This is why a RAID5 should not be considered a backup.
I've seen 2 drives go out at the same time also.
Hope you had backups
On newer cars, yes.
Older cars, notably fords in the 90's with the barrel-style keys, were notorious for the locks wearing down and being opened by any similar key.
A friend of mine almost drove away in someone elses car, only realising that it wasn't his when it wouldn't start (because of the immobiliser chip).
Very very unusual to happen on a newer (2001+) car though, maybe OP needs to update and get some remote central locking.
You won't regret it.
my horror as a young man when I realized I was an adult and didn't magically know how to do all the "man stuff".
me right the hell out.
I really thought men just somehow, someday came into all this knowledge.
TIL that tire in the US is tyre in the UK
Well at the very least you know what it feels like so it doesn't happen again.
Even if it did by that time you'll know how to chane a tyre.
Gawd almighty you took a beating for that.
And now this dude is trying to throw you a beating over "tyre".
It's like you have some awful internet curse that attracts douchebags.
EDIT: I hope you do better with the boys IRL, LMAO!
It is alright.
Would you like to go to the theater or rather the theatre?
A true friend would, if told this story, pay you back for the mistake.
Yeah, it's been some years since that and I still shudder to think about it.
I was 24, terrified about moving so far away from home, and then THAT.
Bless their hearts, though, those mechanics only charged me the cost of the belt, not anything for their time.
I'm not sure I'd ever have the guts to do that again, though.
My mum's from the UK :) I love visiting, though it's been awhile.
She met my dad while he was working in the North Sea oil fields.
I will fully admit that I refuse to drive when w evisit - I can't drive stick xx
I'll have a BLT as well.
Except without lettuce and tomato.
And more bacon.
As an I share the contrast to this.
Seeing "tyre" just irks me a little.
Small claims court, you better lawyer down.
It sounds like it would be good if they just replaced the vegetables with fruit.
Like come on.
vegetables?
oh, you're the one!
It fucking sucks man.
I would have been okay if she just said no, but I didn't even get a chance.
You don't even know how to spell tire!
I came here wondering if this was possible or if OP thought it was just a push mower.
I guess I'm going to leave wondering the same thing...
Too distraught to just edit so whatever it's in a comment.
He's having emergency surgery to unblock his passage.
He had a seizure while in the exam room.
I've fallen to pieces.
Wait until tomorrow to talk to her, and if she'll listen, explain and maybe send her the picture you came across.
I'll have a club sandwich, which is what a BLT wants to be.
Do you like alfalfa sprouts on your sandwich?
Well then you're not in the fucking club.
I'm sorry, but Roast Beef and are actually the magical ingredients that make sandwiches better.
Jeez, bad luck mate.
he's alright and the bill isn't too big.
well at least no one died
it was meant ironically
You need to go to handiman school.
Yeah: Always double check the structure
Oh I definitely know that.
The backups for this machine are not recent, they are from last month.
nothing changed from then to now so it's good.
The reason it isn't a current backup, is because I can't find a windows program that can backup over sftp reliably.
This is the only windows machine in my house and is the only thing not backing up every 24 hours.
If you know of one, let me know.
If you had an automatic the car thing wouldn't be a problem.
Making cars so easy even people who merely hear about them car drive em.
PB is WD-40 on steroids.
But yes, a peanut butter can be amazing.
BRB inventing something.
Poor thing!
Anyway, they finally got him back to normal and lo and behold, he still couldn't pee.
He had to get a surgery which basically rewired his entire urinary system, poor thing.
Anyway, he's been home for two weeks and is back to normal, for the most part!
He's still bugging me about feeding him every two seconds, sleeping on top of my face (which is awkward with the e-collar), and hissing at our other cat.
I'm sure your cat will be fine, too!
Give it a day or so, tell her you fucked up, and do all you can to make her feel special.
Some things are better left unsaid.
Like when I saw a transsexual porn DVD where the transsexual on the cover looked exactly like my mom.
/cannotunsee
I once mowed my entire lawn (2 acres) with the blade on, but not lowered.
Made the grass .04cm shorter.
Just be clear with her.
You didn't think about it, you're dumb, and you (I'm assuming..) wouldn't leave her for her sister.
You can tell even youtube thinks this song is shit because it says so in the URL
You mean the other one.
whole wars are fought over this stuff.
Just Google silliest edit wars and look up "petrol"
10/10 for realism, and would fap again i assume?
i mean, i am sorry you found out your mom was a dude and all but...
a riding mower.
op please post a link to this page you are speaking of.
It is very difficult to get the full enjoyment out of your story without the full context.
Thanks in advance.
Haha, I didn't actually watch the DVD, I saw it when I was in a porn shop.
Was walking by the DVDs and there he/she was...
staring right at me.
Ya know I've been running my XP mower for years and I am considering upgrading to 8; how does metro handle St ?
.Forgot to unsubscribe .
.yeah, sure
People like you make me happy.
It's a really old mower and makes about an equally ridiculous amount of noise.
We will need to see that, for science of course.
It was a riding mower.
Pretty sure that's implied when he says he found a pornstar on there.
naturally you stared back and then asked your parent about it when you got home...
This thread is worthless without pics.
Also, your GF needs to take a fucking chill pill.
I'd be willing to bet that at least one of them is insecure because they don't know how to change a tyre.
doh!
Man, it's SO not worth the frustration that you'll endure.
I spent 6 years with someone I thought was the woman of my dreams; she was catholic and I was and am atheist.
We were madly in love with each other but whenever the conversation would turn to the future (you know; kids, schools, marriage) it would turn into a fight.
My idea to salvage the relationship was pretty simple.
I would just pretend to be a catholic.
I started to absolutely despise myself.
I was pretending to be someone that I found completely horrible.
I became depressed and things in our relationship became very strained.
Now, keep in mind that this isn't a relationship.
We lived together, shared finances, and were as involved as you can be without technically being married.
our relationship ended because of our differences regarding religion.
I could not live with myself if I allowed my progeny to be indoctrinated with a religion that I disagreed with.
I was absolutely crushed.
I thought that I had ruined a relationship with the love of my life and I would never find another girl as good as her.
Long story short, I did.
The sky is not falling.
There's some atheist chick out there somewhere that's going to get you more than anyone else ever has and you're going to be the butter on her toast.
Don't worry about it man.
There really are other fish in the sea.
TL;DR: A relationship between a catholic (or devout christian) and an atheist doesn't work.
Buck up.
Hehe, you can have your language.
I imagine a 30 year old man crying at a blown out tire is very different than an 18 year old girl.
What if...
you actually got a cool flowing long grass lawn out of this if you kept this practice up?
...but Sir, how do you know what a precise buttload is and what instrument do you use to put that amount of miracle whip into your sammiches?
A butt?
So you're saying that her sister is the hotter one, and apparently your girlfriend feels that way.
shouldn't say anything about her sister.
I have done this before as well.
Cheers to stupidity!
the t comes from where I put the time-stamp parser.
But you're right, the song is indeed shI#t
The flattened grass pattern really gets ya
I saw a tranny porn star which looked like my girlfriend's friend.
I told my girlfriend, and she laughed.
Then, she told her friend, who asked me to show her.
I think that was our first conversation.
What's the name of the porn star in question?
I'm not sure I get this.
Do you have a lawn mower where the blade is separate from the engine?
On all of the push mowers I've used, once I had it running the blade was going.
So, the only way I could imagine not having the blade going was if the engine was off.
Ah, no biggie then.
Had you done it with a push mower, then you'd have really fucked up.
"I asked my mom politely if I could use her kitchen to mix some chemicals, and she said yes, provided I clean up afterwards."
No questions asked?
Nah, you didn't fuck up.
Your GF really needs to work on her self esteem and trust.
Unless, of course, you were spanking it at the time or seemed overly happy that you found a porn star that looks like her sister.
"How hot is this?!?!?!
This chick looks just like your sister, right down to the heart shaped birthmark on her ass!"
about it, but I don't think that's an answer I want to find out.
I get tyre, colour, favourite etc., but how did become ?
Space Marine jars my brain.
Nobody is this stupid.
In a perfect world, you are my first nominee for getting shit tons of hot bitches.
You are funny, classy, and you edited in what a deleted comment was.
I applaud you good sir.
I even RES tagged you as "IS BEST PERSON EVER" in black.
I use 2 colors.
Aqua for males and fuchsia for females.
You good sir have earned your own separate color.
I wish you many lucks in finding your own woman to make your blood dispersing organs feel large amounts of heat.
You don't have many friends do you
Its 3 GBP what's the point if it's such a small amount of money
HAHA BECAUSE IT'D BE SO TERRIBLE TO HAVE A TRANS PARENT RIGHT?
LOLOL BLATANT TRANSPHOBIA IS HILARIOUS!
You know tranny is a terrible slur, right?
Tranny is a slur, please don't use it.
I am at work and I clicked it not knowing what it was.
It's just natural for me to click links when I see them posted without being tagged.
OP should have prefaced it as NSFW.
I certainly did not understand what he was saying when I read that sentence the first time...
Isn't it just short of transvestite?
Well, sorta.
Tranny comes from transvestite/transgender/transsexual the same way nigger comes from negro.
The word is loaded with hateful connotations.
Trans is a good term that encompasses these identities.
Please don't say tranny.
Don't let other people say tranny.
For the record, cross dresser is also preferred to transvestite.
Cross dresser refers to men who enjoy dressing in women's clothes, and vice versa.
They often are going through hormone therapy to develop breasts and other female secondary sex characteristics.
I think your gf should be the one posting here:
"TIFU by freaking out and letting my insecurities get the best of me"
It IS really cool when you find someone's doppelganger, and that information should always be shared.
her in porn just makes it even cooler.
I do this at least once a week.
I feel ya.
We'll there you go.
IAmA 43 y/o male who has never used a riding lawn mower.
It's just natural for me to click links when I see them posted without being tagged
If so, I'd suggest pulling back the settings on your trigger finger slightly.
Op is talking about a pornstar
Op is talking about "me time"
Link is to dirtysmall
Not sure about you, but if I happen to miss the first two, I know the instant I read "dirty", my brain will go "Hold up a second Mr.
Hand!
Are we sure they mean ' in dust' dirty?
Or might they mean 'doing naughty things' dirty?
We ARE on the internet after all!"
You go Glenn mow mow two for you Glen mow mow
I dont see where there is any trans phobia actually.
I in fact see joking around and not insulting, not ewww gross, not discrimination or even anything defamatory.
do please explain where anti transgender bias is exhibited, so i can make sure to correct myself?
This isn't a TIFU, just an overly attached girlfriend.
I will often tell the of my building that her " is showing," or "Act while your here."
Some days this goes over better than others.
The joke was "I'm sorry you found out your mom was a dude", as if having a transgender parent is something to feel sorry for.
It's transphobic, even if it's a joke.
So you'll have to get another piece and go through the PCR process again?
You know, I hear that from internet people all the time, but my real life friends who are pre-op trans use it and don't think it's pejorative at all.
I wouldn't say you've fucked up, assuming thats the worst annotation on your channel.
I guess it depends on what type of person your boss is.
If your girlfriend is truly fearful of this, and isn't saying it for attention, she should probably go talk to someone professional.
That's a pretty irrational fear that's going to block her happiness and cause a lot of resentment issues.
If it's the latter.
get a new girlfriend.
so you love your mother.
you ran into her arms as weeping child when you skinned your knee.
she was there by your side, letting you eat dinner in your room after your first big break up.
she was there gently telling you about what to expect when a pet was about to die.
she is an amazing, beautiful woman, and an awesome person.
then, years after you leave the house, you run across a video, and your mother is actually a man.
can you see where that would not be a great thing for a child to run across?
or how its kinda hilarious?
i never said it was bad for a person to BE transgender.
if you want to twist it into an anti transgender slur, sure, you CAN do so, but in reality, you being so quick off the gun to assume offense meant you misinterpreted a joke.
which didnt even address the validity of BEING transgender.
Yeah, I have to run PCR again for 2 hrs before I can pour an agarose gel and attempt to isolate the DNA fragment that my boss needs.
The thing is my boss is extremely patient and understanding, which kind of makes it feel worse.
hates screwing up, but it feels worse when you screw up for someone who you actually like and respect.
In 2000's Subaru's, key fobs could often unlock the same model.
I've done that a few times, unlocking people's cars that looked like mine.
In parking garages, you could set off other people's car alarms too.
Sounds fun..
I have a basic understanding of PCR and knowledge of gel electrophoresis.
How much maintenance does PCR require during the process?
"Black rappers say nigger all the time, why can't I?"
"Gay people say fag all the time, why can't I?"
Some trans folk are comfortable enough with themselves that they feel okay using that word.
That absolutely does not mean it's okay for anyone to use in any situation, particularly in a public place where trans people you don't know might hear or read it.
Most trans people, myself included, aren't okay with that word, especially not when it's coming from a cisgender person.
As an aside, I'm curious to know how many trans friends you have.
Are they trans guys of girls?
Do they ever use that word in anything but a facetious context?
well good for you!
im glad you are being proactive.
For one, a trans woman is a woman, not a man, period.
Second, why would discovering your parent is trans be "not a good thing"?
Thats so not a good thing to find out, oh noes my image of my mother has been destroyed!"
Don't take my word for it.
Go to , see what the trans community thing of your "sorry to hear your mom was a dude" joke.
Its- has got a point here.
I was thinking that the word tranny wasn't offensive as I'd know quite a few transgender folk who used that word.
But a good point was made how it's ok for those people to use and not others.
Point taken.
And if his dad ever goes to sell the car and finds out the title is salvaged he's going to find out anyway.
, well sorry.
I didn't intend any offense and I don't have many trans friends.
The ones I know personally are m2f.
I do honestly try not to say it, the word is just so ubiquitous that I end up typing it without realizing.
I know cross dressers which call themselves sissies as well, but I try to avoid saying that.
In your opinion, what is an inoffensive word that I can refer to a m2f with man junk but also lady boobs and hormone therapy?
doesn't describe it, and I think tgirl or ladyboy are offensive as well.
honestly, i can see some reasonable points, but we are also getting off on a habit of using the wrong terminology, for which i am at fault and apologize.
the video (i assume) would be one of a transvestite, not transgeder, or if transgender, then pre op.
otherwise there wouldnt be a visual cue for the difference.
why it would be at the very least a shock worth a laugh, or even not a good thing in this situation:
finding out you were adopted
having your perception jiggled about is disconcerting, especially when something you took as fact is conclusively not fact
gender identity is NOT on the same level of importance to a persons personal as hair color
You found out your mother made porn (assuming you didnt already know)
You found all of these things out from running across a video being actively sold in an adult video store
there are many circumstances here which i think any reasonably sane person can see as disconcerting if they are just dumped out of the cold on someone.
YOU are the one you made blind assumptions and started crying out we are all horrible people for a simple joke.
YOU have no idea on our actual perspectives, leanings, nor orientations.
YOU made the assumption and approached it in the frame of mind where it HAD to be an insult with no other reasonable explanation.
save me the preaching sirrah, i prefer open minds rather than those who jump in aggression, no matter what view they are aggressive about.
Yes, and we all care about that in highschool, now grow up and get some tolerance under your belt and learn to see the shades of grey in the world.
, as a bi guy, I laugh when people are idiotic enough to think that the word fag or homo or anything else like that could upset me even in the slightest.
is an odd name for a cat...
my former roommate named a cat that.
Are you my former roommate?
Did said have a sibling named Skizz?
, I didn't know that.
I just thought it was short for transsexual.
I don't personally know any transsexual people, it's kinda just what porn movies normally say :x
I fixed it.
Yeah, but I am also in a somewhat private cubicle so I don't give it as much thought as I would in another setting.
Uhhh, I'm a girl that once had a flat tire.
I googled how to change it and made that shit happen.
men are useless, especially when they aren't around.
I feel like maybe you should not try to fix things anymore.
As for it being a derogatory term...
I think it's one of those things that's been to PC'd.
not too related, but many refer to their belongings as "shit", but you would say that's derogatory.
It's language and words have multiple meanings, however you can't let one word get you down.
As a gay man, I brush off faggot all the time.
I'm sure someone who has to live in a body that doesn't match their gender can over come "tranny".
This happens to me ALL the time.
I also cry instantly sometimes when I hurt myself.
I'm an infant, basically.
As a girl, foot force is all I've got.
I stood on my tire iron last time to loosen the lug nuts.
i don't know how you thought that was possibly a good idea
Its only terrible because you've decided for yourself it's terrible.
To everyone I know it's just short for transvestite/transgender/transsexual.
Just like homo or fag is short for homosexual.
How about not have such long names for your persuasion to complain about.
From one academic to another:
So cut half of these modular sections and you're good to go, right?
At least some of those sections you were working on must be stand alone.
, if you want to feel like the sections that you'll have to drop aren't going to waste, feel free to mention them in passing: in an outline, summary, transition, etc.
then you'll look super prepared if the questions come up later, or if someone expresses an interest in talking to you after your presentation or on breaks.
Just a rambling bit of advice from my personal experience; take it or leave it :)
So you and your cis gender friends get to decide how the transgender community reacts to certain words?
Do you get to decide what words offend racial minorities, too?
"As a gay man, I know all about being trans.
Thanks for your input.
I have no idea what cis gender means and I dont give a fuck.
See how easy that is to not get upset over what others call you?
I'm not trying to upset you, it's just the opposite of transgender..
Calm down!
This reminds of one time when I stubbed my toe on my couch, got really pissed and started kicking in the air, and hit the wall with the same toe.
Then I just tried to walk it off for a couple of weeks, but because it was turning black I got it X - rayed, and it was broken.
I would go with trans woman.
If you absolutely need to describe her genital arrangement, you could just add that at the end of "trans woman", i.e.
"She's a trans woman with boobs, on hormones, and who has a penis."
Unless it's specifically relevant to the conversation, just trans person/man/woman.
A person's junk isn't everyone's business.
Non-, pre-, and post-op are good if you need them.
Er..
it's pretty much set it and forget it.
Damnit, I WISH I could find a pornstar that looked like my GF's sister.
I'm definitely not dating the pretty one.
Wow, you sure love your GF don't you?
[A "mattress" is a race in 's Guide to the Galaxy](
Read that as "TIFU by telling a pornstar I found that my girlfriend looked exactly like her sister."
bewildering.
learn to laugh at stereotypes concerning yourself.
has something about them that can be applied to a derogatory stereotype, but you can do one of three things.
not give a fuck
laugh along with everyone because its all good fun
get upset about the comments made
Should be a relatively easy choice
That's a fairly accurate summary.
though, it's just an abbreviation, a shortening.
If someone chooses to take offense, that's their prerogotive.
There's two!?
you're saying that her sister is the hotter one
I don't think that was ever implied.
has had some horrific experience like this, yes?
Our collective sympathy goes out to you.
That gif was highly appropiate, not what I expected.
No eye bleach needed.
Oh stop you.
The statistical likelihood of you being pregnant from this encounter is extremely low.
Well in this case it was clearly just a joke so lets all enjoy it.
If someone does truly insinuate you are incapable of something purely due to your gender then sure, have at him, and explain why he is wrong.
But in situations like this, let's all just laugh.
Two.
We'll go with that.
You can stay.
Also 'Calm your tits' is now my favourite phrase.
Your gf has too many issues...
find a new one
Creepy :(
It's in the same vein as something I had happen to me.
When I was 22, my parents blood type was relevant for something.
Once I had their blood types, I realized it was impossible that I was my father's child due to his blood type.
While he was still the man who raised me, took care of me, fed me, etc., a level of trust was harmed.
He's still my dad, but I felt lied to.
If he used to be a woman, it would be the same idea.
Would he still be my father?
But the trust would be hurt that he had hidden something that big from me.
NO MORE FOR SCIENCE WE ALL OUT OF SCIENCE throws cat at you
This, seriously.
What is the opposite of transgender?
I never knew sexual identity could have so many titles...
I usually just go for "you can be whoever and whatever you want to be as long as you are happy with who you are" so no titles were needed...
we'd just jump directly to explaining what was or just skipping that part and going directly to discussing or bonding...
Quick find a porn star that looks like your girl friend!
in a lesbian scene with the first discovery!
Whoah there!
And what I'm tying to say is it is difficult to understand your message when you hide it do well behind sarcasm and downright offensive comment...
Read his post again.
His tone was not offensive.
You obviously have a problem with his view though.
Note I'm on my phone sorry for poor grammar...
This helps from runaway mowers doing things that you'd see in movies, like chopping off peoples limbs and shredding the neighbors hydrangeas.
Modern mowers are required to have a separate blade engagement IIRC.
Keep in mind gender identity is completely desperate from sexual identities, being gay and trans are very different.
No, it's not just an abbreviation.
There's a lot of history behind the word; it's like calling a disabled person retarded or a black person a bigger.
Not really actually.
They just asked that I not make a mess.
"I saw a naked girl having sex and thought of your sister"
It's kind of implied.
Crazy insecure GF is crazy and insecure.
You can do better
Plus, even if he were inclined, he doesn't have to now that he knows of said pornstar!
Mine is pretty modern, maybe 2 years old max.
No seperate blade engagement.
When it's running so is the blade.
As a trans person, I think I know shit about being trans..?
it's like calling a black person a bigger
But...every black person I've ever met has been bigger than me!
TIFU by telling my pornstar girlfriend she was my sister
for , hands-down (my pants) my favorite subreddit ever.
Don't worry about it dude, she'll get over it.
And if she doesn't get over it then it wasn't meant to be.
why do you always say trans with an asterisk?
Means trans-whatever.
It's not like they're twin sisters.
Then I'd say you might be onto something.
The sister could have been uglier and still resembled a pornstar.
I also forgot to mention to her that I wasn't having "me time", I just forgot to unsubscribe from .
That really wouldn't have helped.
she's had a secret fear of all of her past boyfriends, and me falling in love with her sister
I felt it was implied.
It's correct.
spelling.
No, but that's not to say we weren't roommates in a past life.
::cue twilight zone theme::.
ELI5?
Yeah the surgery seems to be the only way to go.
I just recently spent $6,000 on surgery for my dog, so the $800 I just dropped on the cat seems minimal, but I wish the surgery wasn't necessary.
My poor little baby is by himself, and I'm still freaking out.
I hope you're right about him being fine.
Hows your lil munchkin doing?
How does he do with the e-collar?
hasn't ever had one so I don't know how he will react.
Did you have to keep him separated from the other cat for a while?
We have an 85 pound boxer who thinks he's the same size as the cat and all he wants to do is play, so I'm assuming I'll have to separate them for a while.
Thems the breaks, I guess...as long as he's ok in the end.
The bill wasn't so bad.
I just recently paid $6,000 for surgery for my dog so the $800 for this seems like pocket change, but it's definitely going to take a toll on my wallet.
But, he's totally worth it.
I'd spend my life savings on him.
I love your dedication to your pets.
I don't think I could justify it at this point in my life.
Maybe once I actually start a career, but for now I would probably have to let them go if it ever came to that :/
I was just messin'.
I upvoted what I could.
At least the points are only fake, lol.
Don't be down!
Most of the people here would tremble at any real life confrontation or disagreement, but on the internet they get a huge kick out of the down arrow.
That's cheating!
There was someone a while back arguing with me over my points being lower than his (I had only been there for a few week with only one or two thousand comment carma) vs.
his two years.
Karma is fake.
You can't redeem it for a t-shirt or use it in the supermarket.
I broke my toe too, but I didn't do it on a chair, I did it on a black man
What's wrong with just trans minus the asterisk?
It's a relatively new way to encompass all the things that trans means.
I guess it's being more inclusive of the whole community, if that makes sense.
Hope that makes sense!
I love when I see someone in almost every post I check.
It makes me laugh.
I then check their comment history and see that they've been posting every minute or so, and in all sorts of threads.
The newest one I saw starts with an A.
You've probably seen his name a time or two.
It's like back when the internet used to be a nerd hangout (like aol chats) except now with points lol.
Did she tell you about this insecurity ahead of time?
If you didn't then you have no reason to feel like you fucked up.
Sure you can console her and try to make her feel better but there is no way you can or should predict every insecurity your s/o has.
I actually did the same thing when I was 14 when my parents were gone for a week.
I remember the smoke at least smelled good.
Still plenty of cats though, I see.
Not a whole lot, it's a community thing.
People will understand you and be cool with trans, as well.
bone...
You're one of those from , aren't you?
Could you correct me with sarcasm?
It's not so much the word that hurts someone, but the people say it and the sentiment behind it.
The word is empty unless you give it more meaning that it deserves.
What you're asking is just treating the symptom and not the disease itself.
He's got quite a few gems.
That's definitely my favorite, however.
Did you mean it an a joking way or were you being serious trying to be nice?
[I'd like to politely submit this for your consideration.](
[Can you take a minute or two and just read through a bit of this thread, please?](
"one of those from " eh?
I hardly post there, although I'm subscribed to it and I reA the occasional post or article.
What's that have to do with anything?
Cool transer-than-thou attitude, there.
[Can you take a couple of minutes and read through this thread, please?](
PS: "Cis-" is to "trans-" as "hetero-" is to "homo-".
It's like "straight", but for gender.
Cis:trans::straight:gay
"As a bi guy, I know all about what life is like for gay and trans folk."
That really clarified a lot for me, actually and made me think a lot.
I spent today out with a few friends to get my mind off things and kept what you said in mind.
I think things are looking a bit easier now that I've had some time to cool off about it.
I'm an identical twin so I'm very in tune with these things.
I don't think there was any malice involved, and it wasnt anyone's fault.
Girls are really sensitive to these things.
DNA ladder is used as a control for running an agarose gel electrophoresis.
It is used to help determine the size of fragments of DNA.
After the lanes are set up, the gel is hooked up to electricity and a current flows through, pulling the DNA towards the opposite end of the gel.
After that, a picture is taken with a UV camera to compare the sizes of the DNA fragments to the ladder control.
Hope I was helpful!
Source: 2 semesters of a viral discovery and genomics course, and ( to refresh my memory on some of the terminology.
I don't think that necessarily says anything about her looks (which may or may not be a factor in that insecurity).
only people better looking than his girlfriend have sex?
I don't see how that follows.
That still doesn't imply she was more attractive
it's like calling a disabled person retarded
someone a "retard" may likely be offensive to someone (2nd-hand, if not directly), but calling someone retarded may very well be accurate.
Where do you think all the science went?
We all know it's "" when referring to a porn star that looks like someone you know.
What's wrong with having "me time," exactly?
My cat wanders into the bathroom with me sometimes and i'm totally cool with that.
He got the hell out and i just laughed and finished pissing.
then i did my cat a solid and gave him the warmest bath he's ever had.
he almost fell asleep in the tub.
Call a person a 'jap' and try explaining to them that it isn't offensive because it's just an abbreviation.
Go on, I'll be here when you get back.
twist it into an anti transgender slur
Sorry, but...
your mother is actually a man
is the very definition of a transgender slur.
In addition to being factually incorrect.
Just FYI.
:) It's awesome that you're open to modifying your vocabulary!
Yeah, so's calling someone or a nigger or a faggot.
Words may be descriptive, but I'd they carry hate and bad connotations then it's best not to use then and risk hurting people.
Call me crazy if you want, but making a comment like that about a disabled child would make me upset.
And once you realize that you made a mistake you need to apologize, especially if you are going to admit to it on the internet.
Maybe it's just the fact that I tend to be a Momma Bear, I don't know.
No it isnt.
A man can be a mother - Stop being so trans-phobic!
Men CAN give birth!
etc etc
Yes, that does make me feel worse.
I'll stop using it.
All the science was poured into cats!
It all makes sense now!
Nope, wanted to make the same point to multiple people.
Most people don't go back to a thread, and only read their orangereds.
He watches from Russia
I was thinking exactly the same thing.
No to fap who the hell cares about science.
children take the fact of their parents being trans very well as long as the parents are open and honest with the child.
have very dexterous minds.
Am I just retarded or does no one know dafuq OP said?
Must be a cousin of Palin.
My ex had a similar phobia.
I bet if you checked into it a lot of women are terrified that their sisters are sexier.
, my ex wife was right.
Her sister IS sexier.
I'd just like to ask any SRSers who might be reading this thread to notice how simple and effective that was.
, thats why all my trans friends joke about being a "tranny".
Troll harder.
Thanks for letting me know I was in the wrong, I do my best to try and not hurt people's feelings.
Glad someone told me before I made that mistake in person!
(Not that it's a word I ever really used anyways, but still good to know!)
You're a shithead.
In the that's what a hotel cleaner would make for one days work.
Protip: trolling usually involves SUBTLETY.
The phrase actually refers to the practice of trolling for fish, as opposed to the "troll under the bridge" that every one seems to think it refers to lately.
Check out GoT for some examples of some amazing trolls.
Can we has update?
I agree with your mom, when I was a kid I researched the ACB(if you dont know dont ask the book itself predates the internet).
Well I came across a site using the term kewl.
This term referred to people who tried dangerous things with blatant disregard to any safety.
Next time poke it with a stick, if you must
It's a shame, because a lot of people don't get the reference, which astounds me.
I was under the impression that the vast majority of the population watched that show.
Edit: misplaced punctuation
always helpful to hear from another.
this is part of the reason I have learned to modularize.
Its just this one is really close to my heart and I am agonizing about the cuts...I think I have it though after like 20 odd hours of freaking out on it.
I decided to post the power point with all the extra stuff in the backup.
Except I'm not trolling.
Tranny is a terrible word and if you think your friends referring to themselves with it gives anyone permission to use it to refer to anyone other than themselves, you.
I'm sorry you are so overly sensitive.
Twist: OP's girlfriend is a twin.
[All the science was used to create a kitty crossbow](/
she was more attractive isn't relevant as far as the girlfriend is concerned.
He envisioned her sister naked having sex.
Not a good thing.
All I get is a link to funnyjunk.com ...
Am I doing something wrong?
I want to downvote because of funnyjunk.
If you can show it on another site, I won't.
Oh crap, did not realize that was funnyjunk.
Fixed link.
I want to make a priest cum joke, but I'm coming up with nothing.
must have a good joke.
That is one chill dad.
He knows what's up haha.
A friend of mine pointed out that one of our friends' roommates looked like the trollface guy.
She's really cute but now I can't unsee it.
I'm so sorry to have disrupted your otherwise problem-free redditing, sir or madam (or otherwise).
I understand how important it is to be able to read a comments thread full of hateful speech without it being interrupted by repeated links.
I'm deeply regretful for having caused you such immense pain, and I hope that one day, with time and possibly therapy, you will find a way to overcome it.
That sucks man, I know how you feel.
For a minute there I was trying to figure out what the problem was, then I realized you're 14.
It sounds like your neighbors are some busy bodies.
As an adult, my decision on where to live weighs heavily upon who my neighbors are.
My wife and I are probably going to live on a ranch somewhere where we don't have neighbors.
I can't stand nosy people like your neighbors.
ACB's bike seat bombs have played out well in handling bike thieves in my area.
twice i found my bikes seatless and blood all over the street and driveway.
silly black kids.
YIFU yesterday i raced my little brother barefoot and hurt my toe and i have a baseball tournament starting tomorrow and my toe hurts
I think it's safe to say, everyone who saw what she wrote thought it was a joke and laughed at it...
and then probably stopped laughing when they saw our miserable conversation.
can 14 year olds click on NSFW links?
What is going on in this thread?
Ik asnof said dont ask, but ACB?
self defense...explosives...outdated 'phone phreaking'...insurgency tactics...disinformation.
great stuff.
ummm...nothing.
nope because you both know it'll never work out
thats awesome
So hard.
I don't particularly see how this is offensive.
It's just an unpleasant truth, just like the prospect of a child one day growing up and maybe becoming a monster is.
My girlfriend is a fraternal twin, and her sister is...
better endowed than she is.
jealously is a thing, and she's not afraid to vocalize it.
may call the popo.
short, shriveled and off to the left
A 14 year old on reddit?
GTFO ---
got gum?
Fuck it - its the boyfriends.
done and DONE
Gee, he acts more mature than you.
I thought 14 was the legal age to drive a motorcycle, assuming you have a license?
Am I missing something here?
i realised this after i was done masterbating, hey that looks like derpina sister
None of witch I have or am.
wow, that's really terrible to call a trans person a he/she.
might want to refrain from doing that in the future, haha.
I was pulled over when I was 10 for riding my bike on the highway like the dumb-ass kids I was.
When my mom came to pick me up from the side of the road after getting a call from the cops...
that look she gave me...
consequences will never be the same
but lots of them also get upset.
it's for trans people to reclaim, not cis people.
So you were going to go out illegally on the road on a motorbike?
Maybe I'm getting old, but that is just stupid.
Roads are a dangerous place and having unlicensed kids riding about on them even more dangerous.
How would you have felt if you had crashed into someone or done some damage, cause I'm guessing you aren't insured for the road either.
Your neighbours did the right thing.
Stick to the off roading, have fun there until you are street legal.
"she-male" is also very offensive, i hear.
Ahh, just checked, in my state, you can get one at 14, and I just assumed that was standard.
The DNA ladder is just a mix of different length DNA strands.
So when you put it in the gel and apply an electric field, shorter strands will travel farther in the gel.
So you run your own DNA (not necessarily different length strands) next to the ladder and you can see how far your pieces traveled (and thus how long they are).
This person accidentally mixed them together instead of running them next to each other.
Yeah I know you're right.
sigh of defeat
Damn, the highway.
I only went 10 feet on a backstreet before the cop got me.
.Thank you for sticking up for us midgets...
14 y/o girl here, and as my account history will prove I am also more mature than since I don't discriminate on grounds of age (Or anything else...)
I'm 14 and I've clicked on quite a few.
And liked them.
I'll offer a dissenting view.
I know a couple (christian and atheist) who live together happily with two children.
Yes they had arguments and disagreements (duh), but they loved each other too much to allow the split to separate them.
If I remember correctly, the children were baptized and the mother takes the kids to church while the father stays home.
, it seems you guys are far more combative than the couple I know.
It sounds like you guys had a bigger problem with stubbornness with your religious differences only exasperating the frustrations.
of trying to reach an agreement or compromise, you just turned away from each other?
Did you dissent on any other important issues?
If you did, how did you navigate the divide in that/those instance(s)?
If my girlfriend suddenly was an atheist, it wouldn't stop me from loving her.
Sure there would be doubt and difficulty ahead of us, but that's a part of every relationship.
Sure we would probably argue about what to do, but every couple does that.
It's actually healthy to be straightforward and argue instead of being passive-aggressive and bottling your feelings.
is a weird way to let someone know you care about them.
One thing I can promise you is that there are a lot of amazing women out there, but relationships still take work even if the two people are perfectly compatible.
It sounds like you still have a shot to be with the person you love.
If there's any doubt, if you don't absolutely love this woman, it's probably just best to let it go and move on.
I only ask that you keep an open mind to the idea of loving someone that is religious.
Nobody is perfect ;)
Most of us were young at one time or another.
can click.
the little wily fuckers have found a way past those "Yes I am over 18" buttons.
Yes, because I wouldn't happen to know ANYTHING about how life as a gay guy when you consider the fact that most people equate bi with "not yet fully gay".
Fuck, coming out as bi was much less harder than coming out as an introvert.
More people seem to be more accepting to my sexuality than my choice of socialization.
Edit: I checked your comment history and I think I know where you're coming from now.
You clearly haven't fully accepted your new identity as a trans person and that's causing you to overreact to everything.
It gets easier with time, trust me.
The predjudice will stay no matter how many times you correct people, because surprise, people are idiots and you aren't.
That's like going to and asking them if they believe in god.
I saw a "a trans woman with boobs, on hormones, and who has a penis" porn star which looked like my girlfriend's friend.
I told my girlfriend, and she laughed.
Then, she told her friend, who asked me to show her.
I think that was our first conversation.
That's your solution?
OP did not deliver,so i call fake,unless he did then give me the link so i can do some...reaserch,yes lets call it that.
Maybe she's just pissed that you unearthed the family secret.
It has had a rather large amount of "revisions" and "additions" since being typed up and uploaded.
So everything in it should be taken with a grain of salt...
So far as I am concerned, mother is a role.
It's completely orthogonal both to that individual's assigned-sex-at-birth and to their current gender identity.
Cis woman mother makes sense, but so does trans woman mother, trans man mother, and even cis man mother.
And if any of the above were my mother I'd love them just as much.
If you can accept that an adoptive mother counts as such, then you can extrapolate the general principle that biology has nothing to do with it.
(Unless you mean mother in the strictly hereditary sense, in which case it implies nothing about role.)
Mother only in the heredity sense, which implies nothing about role; father in the role sense.
seriously, you people who make posts like this then don't throw a link to the Porn star in question, there is a special circle in hell just for you
Soo...
was the issue that they thought you were talking about the socks he jerked off into of the fact that it implied you were sharing a bedroom?
I'll just leave this here...
happy ending
Your girlfriend's sister already sounds much better than your girlfriend.
You should dump your girlfriend and pursue her sister instead.
Men cannot give birth as men do not have vaginas.
The person in the article you linked to may identify as a man and take hormones, but the baby came from his still functional woman parts.
I remember when this story was all over the media; it was treated in a very sensational manner when it's really not much of a story at all.
Check out GoT for some examples of some amazing trolls.
Okay, now I know you're not serious.
And then he told the dog to make him a sandwich.
They threw stars at you??
My God, did you phone the police?
Wow, SRS vomited all over you didn't they...
By the time she got him there, his bladder was the size of a grapefruit, and he was not in good shape at all.
This was by no means an easy call, as she is a student without very much money to spend, and her cat was only three or four years old.
She did end up getting him treated though, and fortunately he made it and is back to his old cat self.
Anyway, I hope your cat is okay.
In bed.
I gather from your comment that you're a so I'll try to explain this the best way that I can.
for a moment that you're with a woman that is absolutely perfect in every way.
You click on everything.
You agree on what movies to see, restaurants to eat in, activities to pursue, etc., etc.
99% of the time, everything is right as rain.
Late at night, when you talk about the future, she reminds you that she is a devout Muslim and her children MUST be raised in that fashion.
There is no alternative.
They cannot be told about , they cannot be allowed to decide on their own.
They will be Muslim and that's the end of it.
You have absolutely no say into the faith of your children.
They will not be christian.
They will be Muslim.
End of argument
That's the problem that I had with my ex.
Her feelings about were so strong that she was unwilling to allow me to have any say into the way my children were going to be raised.
I couldn't live with that.
So, while I agree that there are atheistic people that just don't care about religion I am not one of them.
I think that religion is harmful and a belief in a supreme being is illogical and not conducive to learning.
I'm glad that I could offer some perspective.
I hope you don't expect to feel better right away...
I was miserable for literally months because I moved on.
It's very hard to deal with the idea of losing someone that you love so much.
You'll get there.
I met a wonderful girl who believes the same things I do and we're both extremely happy.
It only gets better from here bud.
The biggest issue was that we knew if it ever came to children, there would be issues because neither of us were conceding on that issue like your friend was able to.
We both knew how much tension there was in this issue because we'd talked about it before we got romantic.
The term is "fapkins/spankerchiefs"
TIFU involving poop ,but not pooping oneself.
Eh, not that bad.
Didn't he tell them you were living together?
Yeah man, I've done this.
I managed to throw up in the sink though.
toilet positioning.
There's a good chance most of the porn stars those terms are used to describe don't like them either, but money is money.
The porn industry sucks in many ways.
They know that.
Well, that is better than taking a dump while throwing up.
Some cis women cannot give birth (hysterectomy) and do not have a vagina (radical hysterectomy), and have to take hormones (menopause).
you say about the body, even XY chromosomes, I can point to exceptions (XY women with CAS have conceived and given birth).
Stop essentializing sex.
Thomas Beatie is a man.
In the sense that their answer is easy to predict?
If you predict that trans people will find the term offensive, why would you use it?
It's not shorter, it conveys no more information, and it offends people.
What is the benefit?
super fucked up and releasing disgusting bodily effusions in inappropriate places happens to almost everyone eventually.
Be glad you didn't do anything you couldn't fix with some household cleaners.
Lol, this is what happens when you consume Weed and Vodka concurrently, trust me, I know.
Silly kids.
You keep hearing about kids losing fingers and eyes and stuff from dealing with dangerous things, and it never stops through the years.
I've known it to be a dodgy combination for years, this is just the most violent reaction I've had to it to date, I usually end up (
(that is me)
My sink is offset to my toilet by 6in too much for that to have a good ending.
Twist: it was your mom's long-lost twin brother-turned-sister.
Still a man, still a mother.
Gender roles are an outdated idea.
A father can be a worker and give emotional support; same with the mother, or in this case, both at once
I didn't know that either until my genderqueer expartner told me.
It should also be mentioned that shemale is viewed in the same respect.
Mine was weed and Boone's farm.
Puked into the pants around my ankles while drunk/high taking a shit, then passed out.
I learned I had real friends that day when I awoke cleaned up and in fresh clothes.
I ( with your findings.
My brother's old roommate used to go in the kitchen sink whenever he was drunk because he didn't want a scenario like this to happen.
I think that just happened.
He shat in the sink?
Is this story really from someone born in 97?
My god i feel old
I mean you didnt have the best plan, and it was mean, but its a little funny
Has no one heard of Pepto Bismol?
Who downvoted this?
This is absolutely true.
Never ever tell the police anything if they are investigating you.
Be very wary of what you tell them even if they are there to help you.
I'm not saying all cops will be outrageous assholes that destroy your life for no reason.
I'm not saying none are either.
I can't imagine there are many people that make it to 25 without a couple stories like this.
requires a fair bit of experience to start indulging in responsibly.
Feel young again - graduated HS in 97.
Hat tip sir.
That would have been better.
My ex bottled up so much rage.
Should have seen how irate she was after someone had a better wedding than she did.
Just fucking furious.
Never put a ring on crazy.
If I racked my brains I could probably tell you a stupid story from every time I've got seriously drunk.
oh wow, I feel for you.
:( Don't beat yourself up about it, it was nothing you could control.
You and your fancy slang, I call it a "wank sock"
hows this one?
I had caught some stomach virus while on vacation in China, and that was not fun.
My dad was making me chug tons of liquid to "replenish" the liquids I had lost from shitting out my insides for the last couple days.
And since that day we were flying to another city, we were at the airport.
I had to chug everything before we got to security.
Now that I look back on it, that was a fucking terrible decision.
About five minutes after getting our gate, I feel the familiar urge to start the anal deluge so I run over to the bathroom.
Now since this isn't a rich part of China, the bathrooms in the airport were all squatters.
They were also disgusting as hell.
So I spend the few precious seconds I have before shitting myself deciding which "toilet" has the least unflushed shit in it.
this, I wiped my ass as fast as I could and sure enough - I started to vomit.
I vomited what seemed to be like a solid gallon of liquid and when I finished, I vomited more.
When I was finally done, I started chuckling to myself about what just happened.
As I stepped out the stall, I caught the janitor looking at me really strangely.
I noticed that he had just listened to me taken a really wet shit, followed by intensely loud vomiting, and I had just stepped out of the stall chuckling to myself.
Fuck it, it was funny to me.
TL;DR Don't have explosive diarrhea in China
the person who represented themselves as a woman from your birth til after you moved out turns out to be anatomically a man.
i dont think your facts are facts in some ways.
as i said before, transgender and transvestite were mixed up and used in the wrong places on my part.
agreed, i have seen it happen actually.
but if this op is shopping around an adult cideo store he frequents i doubt he is a child, at least in the age sense of the word.
correct, i can definitely see the value and worth in this view, and its not a view i contradict.
i am not saying there is anything wrong with the role a person chooses for themselves, nor is there anything wrong with the way a person identifies.
nothing wrong at all.
but commiseration after such a shock should be understandable.
sorry you found out your possibly either adopted or there is murky family history bro.
no seriously, this isnt a joke.
i come from a family with more than its fair share of murkyness where hereditary is concerned so i can relate.
At least you didn't poop yourself
I once ate raw cookie dough 3/4ths of it.
I too was pooping while vomiting.
Wasn't a happy day.
Hey, you forgot the /sarcasm.
You can't just end sarcasm abruptly like that, people might get scared, confused, lost.
They might need therapy.
/sarcasm.
Maybe people wouldn't find it so annoying if you say something to that affect from the beginning, instead of making your point in all-caps sarcasm.
I could but I think it's your responsibility to educate yourself about the messed up circumstances of the mainstream porn industry.
I'll just remind you that they use a demeaning slur to promote certain types of actors, and that's pretty low.
Wow, you sir have just won the internet.
For one, a trans woman is a woman, not a man, period.
By definition, no.
A woman is an adult female person, and transwomen aren't female.
There's no safety regulations, so STD screening and use of protection isn't always enforced.
Now that may not seem like a big deal but a lot of cash strapped actors have to take every job they can get so it's either eat or risk your sexual health.
Also, actresses aren't allowed to take a break during an act unless they want to loose their cheque.
And there's a lot of people here who have made it clear that the T word is an offensive slur, so it matters.
Where do you people find these??
Muy excellente.
Is your bathtub round?
This may be a bit forward since we just met, but can I soak in it?
I thought you said you weren't a very big drinker?
You sound like you have some serious issues.
One or two stories is one thing; having a story every time you've ended up near a bottle is another.
Bye.
No, I'm not a big drinker any more due to being poor, but I used to drink a lot and I generally did stupid things when drunk due to being a young idiot.
But by no means do I do something stupid every time I drink there might have been a bit of exaggeration on that part.
That's a friend's bathroom, but why soak in their bath, they have a hot tub out back.
I'm sure you've never complained about something being unfair towards you, or stood up to someone else's bullshit.
That's just what these people are trying to do.
I mean, you have a very limited and narrow perspective of these types of abuse.
You can't relate to it.
So stop telling everyone to get over themselves because you don't know what they're talking about.
On that basis, fair deal.
offer him an apology beer!
If you're anything like me, it was more likely "if I don't laugh, I'll cry", hysterical laughter like a mad man.
Ditto but the tub for me.
I know that I was quite fortunate that night.
Dude, I'm done here, ok?
This isn't going to go anywhere.
Except that "nigger" and "faggot" are slurs, whereas "retarded" is developmentally descriptive, not pejorative.
You have no idea how fun that can be
That's creepy.
They can intubate to stop regurgitation from going into your lungs.
You CLEARLY need to hang with this guy:
Or this guy:
HAHAHA YOU'RE A FUCKING BIGOT ISN'T THAT AWESOME?!
I haven't fully accepted my identity and that makes me speak up when I see transphobia on reddit.
Thanks for explaining how my mind works for me, you're sooo smart!
My housemate shall know when he reads TIFU today.
Oh I can beat this.
I got this one in the bag.
It was a hot summers day couple years ago.
Really hot.
Gotta get me an ice cream hot.
I am driving a plumb colored minivan.
It has a distinctive feature - the auto window on the drivers side is broken.
It is being held up with clear duck tape.
So I pull into a mini-mart.
Go inside and get me an ice cream samwhich.
I go out to my car.
Get inside.
Pull out my keyes...
no don't need that yet.
Ice Cream sammy is tooo delicious to start driving yet.
It was a yummmy samwhich.
A bit messy.
Mmmm good.
I finish said sandwich.
Pull my key out, put it in the starter and ...
nothing.
Then I look around.
Hey this isn't my minivan.
Hey, check this shit out, these fuckers have a working drivers side window!
Those assholes!
I quickly slide out.
Shut the door.
score points for me.
It IS plum color.
You merely got in a strangers car.
I ate an ice cream sandwich inside someone elses car.
That shall depend on if he is understanding or pisses himself laughing.
is a slur.
There are other terms that are acceptable, retard is really offensive to physically and mentally disabled people.
( my bathtub is right next to my toilet.
Aye, my bathtub is right next to my toilet, I just didn't use it, which probably makes this fuck up worse.
bet it felt like being a real badass though, didn't it ...
i mean, you made a person shit his pants!
job well done!
Even though there is a lot of fluff, every once in awhile they pull off a troll that is a work of art.
See for example the sisterofblackvisions troll.
That managed to piss off both SRS and MR AT THE SAME TIME.
because I tried my damnedest not to make her feel uncomfortable about anything she did or anything she believed because I wanted to maintain as much peace as I could.
some of my personal rituals (some with religious connotations that I picked up from friends or my personal interest in them
Out of curiosity, what "rituals" are these?
I got insanely drunk and threw up while taking a dump, once.
, miraculously I was able to get a fix on my target and threw up into the bowl between my legs and had minimal splashback.
It was a triumphant moment.
using words imprecisely = the worst thing ever
physical violence on someone for imprecise words = acceptable behavior
I upvoted for the title alone.
and things related like burning incense.
A close friend of mine studies so I read books on that.
I've always kept a deck of tarot cards in my room, nothing meant by them, I just find them interesting.
She had problems with all of these things.
I would have tried that, but I'm afraid of stomach acid hitting my junk, I don't have a good relationship with acid.
End of argument
I wouldn't let the argument end there.
I'd come right back and say, "Honey.
The kids will be raised as , not , and THAT'S the end of the argument."
C'mon.
You hold your beliefs and are so heavy-set in them yourself, but you wouldn't stand up and fight for them?
You wouldn't fight for how your children are raised?
Just because she's convicted in her faith doesn't mean that you can't work out a better solution for the two of you.
I think you gave up too easily.
And by the way,
I don't want my children hating themselves because of two naked hippies hanging out in a garden stealing apples and talking to snakes.
Don't let your bitterness towards your ex motivate a hatred for theism.
I wouldn't have made that decision sober.
Damn domino effect...
Toes are bastards.
I've broken my big, middle, and little toes on both feet, all on separate occasions.
I wouldn't have made that choice drunk, having had too many burn injuries in my life as well as several injuries on or around my junk.
I will not risk that shit.
That was a weird detail in this story.
Well, look on the bright side, you got the car back unharmed.
Of course you wouldn't let the argument end there, and neither would she.
That's exactly the problem.
My hatred of theism long pre-dates my relationship with my ex.
is a blight on this world.
and things related like burning incense.
Some meditate.
Sounds to me like you wanna just move on.
There are a lot of women on this planet (did you know, like, a little over 50% of the people on Earth are women?) so I bet you'll find someone else that's better for you.
Keep in mind that religion was not the reason you guys didn't work out.
Having two different faiths isn't a problem in a relationship.
The problem arose when she didn't respect your right to have your own (lack of) faith and belief.
My hatred of theism long pre-dates my relationship with my ex.
is a blight on this world.
I hate to get into this, but why do you have such a problem with ?
there's no such thing as an 'original' ACB anywhere anymore.
Carpe dammit.
Just out of curiosity was there anything unusual about the beer?
Like drinking a wheat beer instead of a lager or ale?
I have an allergy to yeast but I used to be able to handle most beer.
, a wheat beer would send me running for the bathroom much as you described.
So i'm wondering if you might have something similar going on.
That's damn funny.
If these uptight parents can't have some laughs at the expense of their retarded spawn what's the point of life?
at least you didn't puke in the toilet while accidentally taking a dump.
i friend of mine did this.
bad luck.
Aye very true, I prefer puke in my pulled down trousers than shit in my pulled up trousers.
in fact his pants were pulled down.
he shit (shat?) on the floor...
a conversation like an adult isn't one of your strong points, is it?
If I'm a bigot, then so is the - dictionary.
sieze dammit?
I have no desire to have an adult conversation with a bigot.
I would like to know the result of your case.
Did you plead guilty in court?
Lawyer?
Has everything straightened out for you?
Either way, puke is easier to clean up, all you need is a toothpick and a straw.
I'm at work so I'll keep this short.
I'll be happy to provide a longer answer when I have time to compose my thoughts.
The religions of this world, while once useful to establish cooperative living environments, have spun wildly out of control.
They are now powerful weapons that are used to further personal agenda's without regard for the general well-being of all people.
regularly spew extreme hate, discrimination, bigotry, and ignorance and they defend their behavior by hiding behind a book of myth and contradiction.
I have first-handedly experienced the hippocracy of the fundamentalist.
I have seen treat homosexuals like a lesser form of life.
I have seen kill innocent doctors and nurses at abortion clinics.
I have seen entire nations go to war over conflicting religious beliefs.
I have seen terror at the hands of religious fanatics.
I have seen a man sitting on a golden throne expound the benefits of generosity.
So, as I said, is a blight on this world and without it we would be a happier and more advanced people.
There is no God, god, gods, or anything else.
We are until we aren't.
in all-caps and name-calling.
Get called out on it, and switch to just name-calling.
You make the proud, son.
"trans women aren't female"
At that point I forgot rational talk and just fuck you fuck you bigot shitlord all the way home.
You come into a thread and say shit like that?
You're so much better?
Yup, sad.
Good luck to OP though lol!
Don't start patronizingly "correcting" people about how they speak if you don't want your own point of view questioned.
, when your own point of view is so indefensible.
You're so full of shit.
, you're asking a predetermined set of already opinionated people about their already predicted opinion.
, not every trans , bi or gay person feels the same way about slurs, some of us are comfortable enough to not give people the power of words over us.
, Reddit is a fucking ridiculously PC community where people overract all the damn time about pointless idiocy like this.
, stop being an armchair activist and go out and do some real good instead.
LOL ugh..
If I was you would be proving me wrong be demonstrating how well thought-out and logical your point of view was, instead of just asking like a 13 year-old boy.
My sink's just close enough that I can rest my chin on the corner of it whilst sitting on the crapper
Well, if you were truly comfortable, you wouldn't be so insecure as to call out random strangers on the internet about bullshit like this right?
When I was 16-17 my parents had to pick me up from a party, covered in puke and barely conscious.
I woke up the next day cleaned up and in fresh pjs.
I still don't know if it was my mama or my dad that did it...
"The fact that you call out people who say transphobic shit is a surefire sign you're insecure in your identity."
I don't follow.
I have no desire to prove you wrong.
You're a shitlord and I'm happy to just keep repeating that to you.
Thanks for proving my point then :) People who have well thought-out opinions (like myself) are willing to discuss them with other people with respect, like adults.
, you don't fall into that category.
It seems to be a common theme among people who believe that a person is whatever they identify as.
A buttload is precisely one and a half tablespoons.
No Sir or Madam, a butt covers too much area to correctly smear dollops of condiment.
Yes, if you were secure in your identity, you wouldn't feel the need to correct everyone, seriously, that's acceptance 101 right there.
Some people are stupid, yet I waste my time correcting them because they're too stupid to get it anyway.
I plead guilty, but since it was only $28 of merchandise I was sentenced to 20 hours of community service and no fines.
I was quite pleased that they realized it was one stupid mistake.
I'm going to have to literally commit ritual suicide to atone for my grave failure.
My friend found one at his local library.
My best friend became my best friend the night he puked while blasting diharrea.
And fucking celebrated it for a solid two hours afterwards
God what an asshole!
People who have well thought-out opinions (like myself) are willing to discuss them with other people with respect, like adults.
You have yet to demonstrate this.
I've since moved and now my sink is actually in a different room.
Keep a plastic bowl or bucket tucked next to the toilet - it comes in SO handy at times like this...
I stated my position and gave logical reasons for it.
I tried to engage Its- in a discussion.
He decided he'd rather engage in name-calling and personal insults.
If he decide he wants to act like an adult, I'll still be willing to engage him in a discussion.
, I'm guessing that he's going to choose to continue acting like a 13 year-old boy.
for some reason your "I shall now stick to making sandwiches" comment made me sad.
You can do other things to help out than mowing you can...umm...
Ya know what?
sandwiches are great.
Too many things to count, but in this case what's wrong with it is a really screwed up power dynamic where porn stars don't get to choose the language that's used to describe them.
For example, take a look at how Bailey Jay refers to herself on her incredibly NSFW blog at and compare with the titles of the porn DVDs she stars in that are linked in that blog.
And she's relatively well-off as transsexual porn stars go - she has her own site and control over her own image!
I am a doctor.
Let me check how ur boob is doing...
Your position is (
Trans women are male because the dictionary says so therefore I'm right.
That's quite well-thought out and deserving of consideration.
Gender and sex are both sociocultural constructions, and both have personal meanings to each person using them as self-identification.
The sexual morphology of human beings is incredibly complicated and is not as cut and dry as what the false dichotomy 'male' and 'female' implies.
Would you be less of a 'male' should you be assigned 'male' at birth yet have XX genes.
Vice versa?
What sexual body parts can you assume a person identifying as 'male' has?
'Female'?
Hint: none.
But you could find all of this doing the Google search you never did.
It's not tautalogical, and the dictionary is a better support for using words my way than any the other side has provided.
Gender is a sociological construct.
Sex isn't.
I mean, the words "male" and "female" are human inventions, but that could be said of any concept.
Sex exists beyond society, beyond humans.
(with few exceptions) have two dimorphic sexes.
And what's more, animals can tell the difference between sexes in their own species.
The sexual morphology of human beings is incredibly complicated and is not as cut and dry as what the false dichotomy 'male' and 'female' implies.
It's not that complicated, either.
I mean, people on your side of this debate always like to bring up intersex conditions, as though they expect it to completely invalidate the concept of sex.
It doesn't.
The fact that there is some (in this case, relatively very small) gray area does not mean that the black and white (which the vast majority of people fall into) is invalid.
Would you be less of a 'male' should you be assigned 'male' at birth yet have XX genes
that by "assigned male at birth" you mean "bornh with all the male reproductive organs and none of the female ones" then yes.
Genes don't define sex, they were just an attempt to explain what causes it.
What sexual body parts can you assume a person identifying as 'male' has?
I really don't care how people identify.
But you could find all of this doing the Google search you never did.
Trust me, I've thought this all out more than you know.
I'd be glad to keep going back and forth answering questions.
I'm hoping you will do the same for your point of view.
The three people I originally corrected in this thread were like, "Oh okay cool, I didn't know any better, I'll edit my post".
That's why I correct people when I see stuff like that: some people do have the capacity to change and I like making the world a better by educating those few.
And yes, some people, like you, are just stupid and say shit like "I've been you." No you fucking haven't.
can you say the thing about the thing again?
For someone so hellbent on pointing out fallacious arguments, you should see that you haven't proven shit except that I don't want to discuss this issue with you.
You dropped in out of nowhere with a bigoted comment and I have no desire to have an adult conversation with you because youre a shithead.
The three people I originally corrected graciously admitted their error like adults.
You, on the other hand, are a shithead!
and may he never return it.
way to dodge a bullet there man.
I stated my position and gave logical reasons for it.
I tried to engage you in a discussion.
You decided youd'd rather engage in name-calling, personal insults, and false accusations of bigotry.
If you decide you want to act like an adult, I'll still be willing to engage you in a discussion.
, I'm guessing that you're going to choose to continue acting like a 13 year-old boy.
What is any of this?
ELI5?
This is one of the many reasons my brother moved out.
I don't care how people identify
So basically you're a shitlord and I have no desire to discuss the issue with you.
You're a shitlord.
You should kill yourself.
this in a junior-high-schooler's voice is hilarious (especially "man meat").
Don't feel bad, just realize that you can now say that once you nonchalantly showed your junk to 8 older girls.
I'm sure that you made an impression.
If it makes you feel any better, sometimes I'll walk around in my underwear when my sister has her friends over, but that's on purpose.
You haven't upset me, and I'm not trying to upset you.
Its just I don't get why there is a campaign to make some word 'bad'.
You're trying to impose your political correct views to everyone elses world.
White people don't have a campaign against, nor care, when they are called crackers.
Wow, that's just fucked up.
I wish I made it to the bathroom like you did.
Was in China at 16 or 17: Had otherwordly, horrific, and gutwrenching cramps right at customs when forking over my passport.
People kept asking why I looked ghostly white 15 minutes up till then; I proceeded to puke all over the passport desk and the floor in front behind me.
All because my dad started profusely apologizing to everyone around me and saying that my period had come.
This I think was a bit after the whole SARS scare?
So me puking all over shit didn't help anybody's paranoia when they were all passing through those body temperature scanners wearing white medmasks.
, I'm guessing that you're going to choose to continue acting like a 13 year-old boy.
Looks like I was right :)
I hope it wasn't an invisible kind, I hear those are expensive as fuck.
Change your field.
Drive a school bus for a local company.
You'll get paid more, I bet.
lame!
TIL: Being in China gives you god awful bowel movements!
Aren't they the best?
I hope it wasn't a cold shower.
The trick is to drink second!
before smoking is guaranteed to turn into the spins x.x
Yeah I know, but there was nothing else to mix with our apple juice waiting for the dealer to arrive.
So what did they think?
experience, except in your boyfriends shoes.
I was 20 at the time and I had a fuck buddy who happened to be a gymnast.
One night I decided it would be hot if she bent all the way over and grabbed her ankles, while I proceeded to pound away.
After a few minutes, I pulled to far out and popped out, and proceeded to re-enter.
Alas, I was going quite fast, and didn't realize I popped out (being in the moment and such) and kind of entered her ass (just the tip!).
She freaked out for a second before I realized what happened.
So I readjusted and moved her to the bed to finish.
Within a few more minutes I smelled the most rancid smell my nostrils had ever had the experience of indulging in.
She was doggy style at this point, so she couldn't see the faces I was making about the smell.
I looked down and see her chili ring completely covered in crap.
In the mid-thrust I looked down at my crotch and see poop covering my pubes, as well as the base of my shaft.
to say, I breathed through my mouth, looked into my mirror, and proceeded to finish.
She tried to cuddle a while after (I had put my boxers on immediately after finishing, so she had no idea...
at least I think).
I made up some excuse of wanting to go to sleep to get her out.
As soon as my front door closed, I spent the next 10 minutes in the shower scrubbing my genitals in nearly scalding hot water to get rid of the stench that wafted from them.
Haven't spoken to her much since.
TL;DR: Had fuck buddy, added new meaning to poop dick to my own dictionary.
Nice save!
There is no "God" there is only the DMT matrix!
Yes, but white people aren't discriminated against wholesale.
doesn't carry the weight of historical oppression.
Nigger, on the other hand, carries connotations relating to slavery and the subsequent treatment of black people.
, LGBT folk face historical and present day violence and discrimination and words like dyke, faggot, and tranny are tied to that.
These are the words that are yelled at people right before white supremists, racists, homophobes yell before they attack them.
Theyre meant to hurt and dehumanize.
Would you refer to a gay person as a faggot in casual conversation?
I hope not.
In the end, it comes down to the people these words refer to to say, no, dot call us that.
Black people have said, that word makes us feel like shit, subhuman, worthless, don't call us that.
Gay, lesbian, and trans people have said, those words make us feel like shit, subhuman, worthless, don't call us that.
It comes down to, how much respect do you have for other people?
Are you so set in your ways that you can't change a single word in your vocabulary to avoid harming an entire group of people?
I really hope not.
The only thing out of the ordinary about the setting here is that ive never been to this particular bar.
I was drinking lager like always.
The foster family bit is entirely irrelevant.
That would be why ordinance guys always treat misfires with so much caution.
Sucks a lot more when it is proper explosives.
Still, hopefully no serious injuries?
Don't worry, this kid has it all figured out.
I own a copy, it's at my grandfathers house.
I'm adopted so I ment my foster family
edit: for clarification, I'm adopted.
My family is just my family, not my "foster family".
For the love of all other people, stick to public transport.
Last Eve, when I arrived in to share the holiday with my family, and after leaving the airport I was famished.
I had bargained away all of my spare time getting to the airport, rushing.
So, when my daughter picked me up, I demanded a quick stop for a sandwich or something before becoming for a few hours.
I literally bounced out of the gold Dodge and into a charming little sandwich shop - I looked back and my daughter was checking her watch.
I thought to myself, how is she going to be in a hurry when I'm going to babysit her kids?
When I looked over, the driver was a petrified middle-aged woman, not my daughter!
By then, I could see beyond the woman whose car I had just bumrushed and into my daughter's van two spaces away.
I couldn't tell you what the woman looked like, but all I can remember of the inside of her car was a giant crucifix dangling from her view mirror.
Her van was identical to my daughter's Dodge !
"You nearly gave me heart failure," she admonished.
I snorted, "Girl, you'd better keep your doors locked." No exchange of apologies, just loud raucous laughter!
not that there are edition numbers...do you have a rough issue date though?
Just figured I'd share a piece of my hard-earned knowledge :)
No serious injuries there will just be a few scattered scars on my right hand
lol any of her friends say anything after?
Yeah, it is a rough learning curve that one.
Well that's good for you friend
show pics of your hand
Would you have really wanted to wear it again after you fished it out?
adopted as well, with the added joy of my adopting parents divorcing when i was 3 then each getting remarried.
Family explanation time can be interesting, oh for added fun my older brother is also adopted, from a different mother.
Every time a doctor asks me for my family history i just snort.
Cold showers and pool dick are the worst thing you can do for your penile presentation.
TAKE NOTES OP
I heard her really tall Gothic friend say "nice"
lol then gothic chick it is!
Dude I would've been like 'Hey.
(sisters name), do you have a towel?' And acted as if nothing was going on.
"Is there a history of cancer in your family?"
"I suppose it's possible...?"
cue IT guy cringe
No, look.
Here's the deal.
And the answer is yes: yes, it is hurtful to us.
We don't like it.
Stop calling us that.
been there, done that, had an audience.
One person not being offended by a slur does not make that slur okay.
If you have a black friend who's okay with you using the n-word to refer to them, that does not make that not a hateful racist slur in general.
Its okay you're adopted.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It just sounds like you've created a headache for yourself.
I will once I get home tomorrow I am currently at a BBQ and my phone with a pic is at home
I have done this!
I woke up in the morning and had to clean everything up...
it was NASTY!
She wants it.
pool dick, bro.
The gray area is much (
And appealing to a definition that was written hundreds of years ago before there was any knowledge of someone being trans and/or intersex must be a good argument.
There's like ...
zero chance of a scientific theory being invalidated or corrected in the future because new information came to light that problematized the status quo, right?
it seems you should've beaten (!) her to it and the roles might've been reversed?
I think that this may be the best thing to ever happen to you.
I have similar issues, but mine are weird because it's an open adoption.
I've grown up knowing my birthparents (I was adopted as a baby), and so I'm fortunate to know my medical history (I can always call them and ask if I'm uncertain of something).
Map that family tree.
You should have said, "Ladies.
This is what a REAL man looks like."
You're like 2 years younger then me btw, girls in high school end up forgetting that kinda think like 5 min after.
You use sarcasm to hid the lack of substance to your argument.
[The gray area is much larger than you think](
You've got to put a [ at the beginning for the link text to work.
speaking, there are a wide variety of conditions that could be called intersex.
, most of them (for example, gynecomastia) still leave the person as being clearly one sex or the other.
And appealing to a definition that I'm going to say is invalid because it doesn't support my point of view.
Can you name a better source for what words mean than the dictionary?
, this really comes down to a matter of how one uses the word "man" or "woman." If you want to use them differently from me, then knock yourself out.
, don't come in here saying your definitions are better than mine without anything to support it.
of definitions, what are your definitions of "man" and "woman"?
He's in his teens (I assume), he obviously knows everything.
Twist: your sister and her friends are in preschool.
it or not, (
[Face I made as I read the last line.](
You mean like (
As someone who can go about a week without, you are my hero.
So did she vomit because you blew it in her mouth or what?
It means he can bang his sister and not have deliverance babies.
Does your junk look weird?
Yeah, mines like 700$,
I can't understand your second sentence at all.
Those are the crazy ones, do it up.
whatthefuck explain that!!!
hahahaha i came here thinking that OP broke his or her toe from doing this dance
You should stop hanging out with 23 year olds, and (dare I say) consider moving out of your parents' house.
It's worth it, even if (though) you have rich parents and would be perfectly comfortable at their home.
Delete facebook, lawyer up, hit the gym.
You are a fuckin monster, man.
This isn't nosleep.
This makes me wanna call this story fake.
I'm not adopted, I call my parents my foster parents.
They call me little shit.
Then they beat me.
Wait their is an , this must be investigated fully.
edit:fuuuhck
Dude, my baby sister is adopted!
That's, that's...
Still pretty fucking funny, actually
You write like Holden .
I didn't say "retard" (which in the context you're putting it in my mouth is a pejorative nouning of the verb).
I said "retarded," which is an adjective.
retarded
adjective
in development.
"retarded growth"
It has historically been defined as an score under 70."
I did the same thing except I was drunk and puking.
were stoked...
Don't forget and .
Read in a dark, totally silent room.
You will never sleep again.
Should've started masturbating as adopted sister and friends take off clothes and have lesbian sex on top of you.
mega-orgy...
Oh wait...
this isn't /b/
Yea...I have got to stop doing this to myself.
Cool as hell though.
edit: I am way to tired to read walls of text right now, tomorrow, tomorrow i will scare myself awake for a week.
Your original post has had me pretty paranoid about who I have over.
It is good to hear everything worked out for you and douchebag is in jail where he belongs.
, , (subscribed to all...
when I go to my homepage it's like playing reddit roulette)
You did not know about ?!
I discovered Reddit because of nosleep!
And then, shortly thereafter, made the mistake of clicking on a link to spacedicks...
It cannot be unseen...
nopenopenopenope.gif
I actually discovered reddit through lolbot.net(god i regret going their), but Their are so many nuances and subs on reddit its hard to keep up.
There really are, occasionally I just type in random words in the search bar and see what comes up, and sometimes I'll just find something awesome through looking at comments...
I need to find MOAR!
Enough...
yayiscaredsomeone.jpeg :D honestly, none of those really get me anymore, I'm such a horror fan.
I also read nosleep religiously.
My wife is the horror fan not I, I just sometimes like to scare the piss out of myself then snuggle with her, I know it sounds gay or whatever but its awesome lol.
LOL like the old roadrunner internet commercials.
'You have finished the internet.'
I'd have to look at it.
I moved to and my grandparents are still in .
From memory I'd say it was pretty damn old, though in pretty good condition.
I actually had no idea it was rare until I read this thread.
haha yes, scary movies are definitely date movies.
I watch scary movies without flinching (that's a lie, I watch them through my fingers and if something pops out I scream like a banshee).
Check out "The Flesh That Hates"...
That one bothered me quite a bit.
, some are amusing.
I like Mr.
Deeds (whose number I always forget),
I remember as a kid I would pray "God bless everyone, especially..." and I would name everyone in my family whose name I could remember.
The whole chain of new family members made it the longest running game of Simon ever, time-wise.
Turn-wise, it was less exceptional, aside from turns adding 10 or so people on a couple occasions.
Looks like someone had their sense of paranoia installed to late
don't you have a copy?
they have a section on boobytraps.
very easy with bike seats...the VC in vietnam developed great ways to propel shrapnel up a human ass with this method.
Did you watch the Three Kings live stream?
Kind of a let down but hopefully he tries again.
90% chance you'll end up banging one of those girls.
Women know what they want just like guys.
My bullshit sense is tingling this guy also apparently pushed his sister off a roof five days ago
And got a weed bracely from his sister when going to a job interview
All in all it doesnt add up
Wait for a time when you're talking on a somewhat real but still friendly and jovial level, then steer the conversation to things that make you feel stupid.
how bad you felt about that (as an example), in a vulnerable but not pathetic way.
I guarantee he'll laugh.
This will be his new impression of the event.
: patience and a willingness to feel like shit for a while.
And the awkward teenage years begin!
:( I'm not going to say I didn't laugh because I did, but if your friends are any sort of understanding, they would have some sort of poop your pants experience.
The best cure for a frightened man?
I bury my face in them, and feel an immediate calm come over me.
I honestly think lesbians become lesbians because they somehow experience the comfort of other women's boobs and become addicted.
it does add up
gameoftrolls?
I work in sales
is all we have in our line of work
Sales is hardly famous for its integrity...
Thats fair.
That's exactly why I want to preserve the integrity I've got.
I'm not some slime ball.
I'm a guy with a little girl he has to provide for.
I'm doing the only thing I'm any good at.
to people.
their trust.
It's not the greatest profession in the world, I know that, and there are a hundred other things Id rather do for a living.
But for now I'm gonna do my best at this.
Im gonna get this off my chest and turn it around.
Make it right.
Yeah, I got to about twenty minutes before the end and stopped watching so I could sleep.
A cousin of mine that watched the whole thing said it wasn't exciting.
I think, if this actually works, that he shouldn't have been fidgeting around as much as he was.
This kid is in junior high.
Look at how everything is written "which we won 12-0 by the way".
Yea nothing happened.
But he kept looking at the candle, so that might be why.
just courage wolf'd it.
walks in naked
"ladies, see anything you like, speak up."
casually open up closet, grab towel throw it over your shoulder don't even close the door, just walk out with your bare ass towards them.
Two ways this could have gone besides what OP did.
Give them "the look" while striking a pose, then ask DEMAND one of them brings you a towel (i.e.
the gothic chick) until one of them does, keep standing there with your head held high.
And if none of them moves to grab you your towel.
It's GO time!
of being embarrassed, totally ignore the fact that you are standing butt-ass naked in-front of eight teenage girls.
Just start talking to them normally, "So, how did you like the game?
What was your favorite part?
when .
You guys going to the barbeque?
Just let me change and I'll be there in a jiff".
It's like confidence without the arrogance.
Whew, that was close.
You should totally throw a party to celebrate.
Cmon...you can trust us.
I remember the chat blowing up with "HE LOOKED AT THE CANDLE" every time...
It wasn't funny anymore once it rolled around to about ten times and people still doing it.
Yea, that got old.
And the freaking out about him not asking questions.
Way to go man, we should totally celebrate at your house.
i subscribe there and I haven't really seen a game posted there.
It would be kind of pointless anyways.
The entire point of this sub is to post stories about ridiculous fuck ups as it is.
just searching for an answer...
in a void
souls float past me
an obsidian wraith screams a silent curse
fumfar floats on
that's defos a screwup.
that's the sorta thing I do with one of my mates every time I'm at his house.
he lives about 2-3km out of town so it's a fair walk into town in the daytime but at night the road turns into the horror moviest cliched road ever.
and I am quite serious when I say this all, I'll take a video if you really need some proof.
it gets even worse when there is fog, yeah, fog!
but for some reason every time I stay there we end up walking into and out of town at night.
I credit it to beer :P
ah yeah, I also have one of those kinds of situations.
Every time a friend tries to ask me how my family works, I want to break out a chart or something.
I've never done that however had blotched many PCR experiments.
For those ELI5...
Think of a ladder as a ruler it is put next to the sample to measure the size of the PCR sample in this case DNA fragment size.
DNA can be cut up to look at certain genes etc within DNA.
They basically added the ruler and sample together so it would be impossoble to see the marked part of the sample since the ruler is on every spot.
I've experienced this, too.
I especially hate the squatters if the floor is dirty.
I'm always paranoid that it'll get on my pants or something.
I didn't really vomit, I just had to take a crap since my stomach was killing me.
After that, I felt a lot better.
Were they hot?
I'm sorry Ma'am, but I'm going to use you as an example and make fun of my asian female friends.
Thank you :D
Cue porno music
I can relate, man.
I just don't know what the fuck is wrong with me.
I am so fucking embarrassed.
My mom just told me our back door was unlocked, too.
I'm staying up late trying not think about it.
god, I just want to die of embarrassment.
I don't know how to even handle it.
the first sentence then noped the fuck out.
Never finished reading, but I can pretty much guess what happened.
Also, in THIS story, she is his foster/adopted sister.
In the other stories, she is his step-sister.
The bullshit is strong in this one...
I know that feeling bro..
hugs
Most of the TIFU posts involves shitting one's self, I'm beginning to think I walked into a pre-school lol.
cars are listed as Stolen/, , Write -off etc.
It would affect insurance premiums, resale value, etc.
In this situation there is no mark against the car so basically the car was never stolen, as far as reselling the car goes.
Sorry if this didnt help.
I'd just suggest shrugging it off.
at worst you'll be teased for a couple of months, but at least you'll come out of it with an epic story :D
(btw I would suggest finding a window in the house that doesn't lock then you'll never have this problem again.
also, hide a bottle of something strong somewhere near the house to use to calm your nerves if all else fails ;)
and always check that the back door is open ;)
IT IS NOWWW
this has been a good month for me only 4-5 fuck ups.
I fuck up around my friends alot more, im the meg when it comes to fucking up
If I had proof I would post, I could take a pic of my sisters cast and the braclet and me naked if you want jk
Mother of god, why is it at least 20% of the people on reddit have shit their pants?
It was 2 guys and 6 girls I think
You want a pic off me nude?
Just tell your parents.
They're going to find out when court summons comes.
It's a good way to show them up; "What, I thought we were all getting naked?
Or is that ?"
Nope, just fooling someone into believing you're story isnt how GoT works, they try to piss people off with their posts
Oh my god, if I had been stoned and read that I would have died of asphyxiation from laughing so hard.
All of them were amusing, some of them I wish their were book about.
My favorite parts are the test logs, and the "Prank Monkey" experiments.
And this is the precise issue I was having.
It seems responses are pretty broken on religious lines.
think I should suck it up and be with her, atheists see that there's a real problem and that I should move on, it holds true wth the friends I asked about it too.
I think I got it:
So the title stays "Clear."
Means "I found that HAVING the car reported stolen in fact does not warrant A/ANY salvaged title, etc...
Holy fuck, that was the most dangerous game of - Link .
I'm in school.
I'm only trying to help at my job, but they wont help me so, fuck it.
Imma just do my job and go home.
I didn't need an extra dollar an hour.
I liked the one with the drink machine that vends whatever you ask for, including a literal "cup of Joe".
I'm 24 and a father, I have to try really hard to not give my kid a complex telling her monsters are scary or some such thing.
I read all of the foot notes on that one mesmerized.
Gotta start somewhere!
Let her reviews percolate, within a year he'll have gone through the whole group.
Your mom should be just glad you're okay.
I know I would be if my kid got locked out of the house and was all alone.
Also, she's calling you stupid, in a roundabout way.
What the hell else we're you going to do?
You had no key and you thought someone was home.
I mean, I know the nearest house was pretty far away, but it's not your fault at all.
The real fuck up here is your mom thinking it's your fault.
so where are these pics?
As someone who just started as a cook: damn that's stupid.
Couldn't they just say "All the ones without day dots are from saturday?" And be done with it.
There is a lot of stuff to remember while training.
That said, imagine the horror if 173 or 682 were put in there.
One less fuckface walking the streets, and you learned a valuable lesson.
I love a happy ending.
I hope to be seeing you in GW
Why were you taking naked pictures anyway?
Pics for boyfriend.
When she brought it up she asked if anyone else had seen them..
for example 'the internet'.
Of course I said I'd never do such a thing..
No, they don't., Not in the least.
youre right i was too tired to realize that
Oh no, one time I got sick and had to pee and puke at the same time.
At that time I wish I had a penis.
I'm so sorry you had to wake up in the pile of your own vomit, at least it wasn't a pile of your own poop?
SHRINKAGE!
It's not incest if yore adopted...
Just sayin' you could have pulled off a magic mike right there...
What job interview are you going to as a 14 year old?
I didn't wake up in a pile of my own vomit, I woke up naked with puke stained jeans and boxers.
Ohh god, no, I don't even want to imagine 173 in there.
That would be the end of all of us.
lol thats hilarious.
i hate when parents get clued in to a whole other part of your life they didn't know existed.
also, whats up with all the other creeps in this post?
Yeah, it was a very awkward moment to have her bring it up and ask why I took them whilst eating lunch haha.
"THOSE WERE A GIFT FOR THE FAMILY"
Friend of mine had an ostomy appliance come out mid sex.
Could be a lot worse.
what did you tell her?
Can I please see them.
I want to know how badly you fucked up.
Well she asked if my boyfriend was the one who took them at first, so I said it was me and he'd seen them.
She didn't understand because I'm usually quite negative about myself.
So when she asked if it made me feel better I was just like 'Well...
I suppose so?'
( for anyone else wondering what this is about.
Mom: "Why did you take them whilst eating lunch?"
You: " bananas get me excited."
TUFU by taking naked pictures on your mother's camera, I think.
Very badly.
was on show..
I can kind of understand using "u" when typing on a phone that doesn't have t9 (you know, like 15 years ago), and making the typing less of a hassle..
but using it in the form of an acronym (thank you ).
And in the 21st century, where we even have keyboards on our phones..
I just..
I'll give you the benifit of the doubt, though.
U is right next to Y on the keyboard.
But I just had to say something.
"Do women know about shrinkage?"
Wow, didn't even think about it when I posted that.
Hmm, I don't usually do that.
I also don't ever abbreviate the word 'you' to one letter.
My guess is I sort of automatically did so the way it's most often done.
You are the FUCK UP OF THE WEEK, 7/14/12 !
I'd say she fucked up, as well, since she suggested pulling out.
It was my memory card though and I'm still trying to think how it even happened now..
I really wish it was BS.
She hardly ever uses the camera, always uses her ipad to take photos with now.
Mine was broken so I borrowed it.
i keep an eye out here and there, mostly if i see something i like i just bookmark it and save it.
in about six months i have a library of 150 or so good gifs and images.
I think the word you were looking for was "acronym"...
But I agree with everything else, the "u" for "you" substitution drives me batty.
damn thats good shit :D
Ok, I'm done.
, I'm sorry that happened and we've all had crummy situations like that, but I hope you feel better.
I'm sure you're a lovely person!
cameras have internal memory and photos will get stored there instead of the removable memory cards.
I am not sure why, but there's probably a setting that controls it.
I bet that's what happened here.
Also, friendly warning, be super careful with pics like that...
It's happened to a lot of people.
Not that you should be ashamed of your body, I'm glad you were feeling comfortable in your skin, but be careful with the photo evidence.
you are not unfamiliar with the gonewild submit link page?
I don't think it's really the question haha.
I don't think I'm ugly, but I don't have much confidence in myself so I can't really give you an answer there
That would explain it I guess..
pretty strange.
And thanks, I know, I do trust him with them and he knows how badly I'd react if they were to end up anywhere but his laptop haha
Don't take nude pictures.
shit can really fuck up your life.
There's no face shots or..
recognisable features I suppose.
But I get your point
are you really calling bs on a TIFU post?
I really want to apologize about how 95% of the comments in here are just creepy and inappropriate.
Does your father have any other valuable appliances?
Well, if you don't have confidence...
GW would help you.
I know, the question is, why your mums phone?
Not your fault :) I expected it I suppose
you have a very cool mom.
Mine (if I were still a minor/living with her) would scream at me, take away all electronic equipment...
phone, laptop, camera, videocamera, everything...
look into seeing if she can press charges on him, and show the pictures to my psychiatrist and ask him if there is any medication I can be put on to make me less of a "slut".
...I know because she has done this.
And in the pics I took I was clothed, just in sexy poses.
I'd prefer my boyfriend boost my confidence haha.
And like I said above, she doesn't use her camera anymore since she got an ipad, and mine was broken..
so I borrowed it
Not true.
What you don't understand is that boobs act as both (to focus upon) and Xanax (to relax).
They have their own chemical makeup consisting of those two substances.
I am going to go take a LOT of samples right now from my wife's triple D's be back in a bit with a full chemical breakdown.
I guess I'm very lucky that she's difficult to shock and we have a very open relationship, can talk about anything.
But doesn't make it any less embarrassing to know my mum's seen those pictures...
eeek.
Plus she knows I'm old enough to make my own decisions about stuff I guess.
And wow..
showing the psychiastrist seems extremely over the top o.O
ITT: Creeps, creeps everywhere.
I'm no SRSer but seriously guys, come on
recognizable doesnt matter
say you and your boyfriend break up and he has them
him:yeah she sent me these(same skin color size etc..)
friend: oh shit send me it
him: alright
friend send to 5 friends
gets spread all over.
More like 75% if you believe this subreddit
Never take that relationship for granted.
:) I'd kill for that kind of relationship with my mom.
You're getting downvotes because that is a truth too harsh to handle
bed bed
really really bed
shamon((heee))
I know the risks, and I know it's cliche for me to say 'I trust he wouldn't do that', but I really do.
Did she say "thank you"?
They aren't there purely for handicapped members of the public, that would be economically inefficient.
If the others are full, there's no legal or moral issue with using one.
Thanks, I don't at all, I know how lucky I am to be able to talk to her about anything without being judged :)
Just follow him around until you catch him using a non-handicapped stall.
Then HE'LL feel like a jerk.
showing them to reddit cant be any worse than your mom seeing them
At least you made the mild ones.
In this case it's the thought that counts.
I hope you're mom is okay, It would suck to lose her because if hot wings.
Good luck 3's
...yeah it really could be.
I took this a step further when I was in tech school for machining.
I took a 2in schedule 40 piece of pipe (I think this was the size of a racquetball, cant remember) it was 1.5 foot long.
In one end, I welded some pieces of flat stock in it, to make a chamber to hold the dry ice, that was sealed.
On the other piece, I drilled a 15/16 hole for an instant release valve.
When it was all said and done, you could load a raquet ball in the open end, a handful of dry ice with some water in the other end, cap it off.
Wait 5-6 mins for the chamber to be REALLY pressurized, and hit the valve, whatever you loaded into it would come flying out at around 4k fps.
It was amazing to shoot concrete walls with tennis balls.
But it got taken away and destroyed before I could get it out of the class ;[
You pay up front or it doesn't get done.
And as to the 6k for dog surgery, I would have to pull an old yeller on him/her :/
If it makes you feel any better I deleted the photos my last girlfriend sent me when we broke up.
it is simply better not to remember.
Nice to know.
If only everyone did the same I guess
the old people that stormed the beaches of in WW2.
They aint scared of shit, and as fragile as a piece of tungsten/carbon steel.
As someone who has the misfortune of working in food service as well, don't bother helping.
It doesn't matter, at least not nearly enough, to those it should and just leads them to expect more from you without any possible reward or incentive.
Trust me, it's a lot worse when it's the other way around.
or what about the cocks touching in a dual blowjob?
You know, 2 cocks, one mouth?
Ok, but why didn't you just delete them after?
there's this place called [](
Almost left my $1000 retainer-like thing (for when I got a fake tooth implant) on a plane on an international flight.
Left in on one of the 550 trays breakfast was served on.
they held up after landing so I could find it.
I have a feeling you'll be posting to very soon.
I used my memory card, so took it out.
else posted how cameras will save it to internal memory occassionally.
I didn't leave them there on purpose..
Use a special plate for your mom's stuff, like a different colored one.
I know that does no good at the current time, but in the future this can be avoided.
I hope for the best for your mom!
guess i will knock you off that list of possibilities.
I'd be afraid she'd bite if I were you.
Ignore Its-.
His older brother just taught him cuss words and now he's using them all over the playground.
Was that movie good?I wanna watch it.
you're trying too hard.
Is OP from YT?
Is this old yet?
Wow, this exists?
Thanks for the new face-palm reading material.
My usual standby is .
Why are you on reddit?
that's my hand as soon as I stopped talking to my mom
Yeah, it's been around for a week or two.
Those things are crazy expensive, and someone accidentally threw mine away while it was on a napkin.
I open this up to hear a great 5 paragraph long story, and you know what happens?
shat in my mouth.
Not happy.
Not happy at all.
Sorry there wasn't more of my embarrassment to write about I guess
I have parents who end up in emergency rooms regularly.
Not for little things.
For Heart failure and MS...
When you are sitting there waiting for them to do their thing, you might as well be on Reddit...
I wish I had a smart phone so that when they have me step out of the room I could be entertained...
Also, staying the night in the guest are...
I have considered bringing my whole computer set up because it's boring and there is no sleep to be had.
Other families who are staying the night come and go, intercoms and alerts and crying women, screaming people...
Long story short, hospitals are boring.
My family is very calm and usually all I want to do is sleep.
Wake me up if they start dying.
What did the guy say?
theres this place called
as someone who was previously employed at a bar, I both understand your situation and hate you.
ok, I dont hate you.
The rule in our bar was that the new guy has to clean up vomit and clean the bathrooms at the end of the night.
At least they tried, and at least it wasn't blood.
That's a different story though.
I've always had the assumption that if it was an ASIAN daughter's dad you would be chopped up for his next sea food dish.
wow, thats pretty mad.
I remember when I was so drunk, forgot where I lived and asked the taxi driver to drop me of at a point a mile away from my house.
That was the scariest walk home Ive ever had.
its like in a mid life crisis.
Almost there.
Jesus, a lot of people begging for photos.
Seems like there's already a ton of content there, why is everyone nagging you?
Pure lol.
Very sorry your mother is unstable.
we will need to see the pics for , you understand...
I really don't know haha, people feel they have to try I suppose
Would you like to start?
"It's the thought that counts...
sucks you might have killed your mom though!" #3232;#3232;
though, OP...
good luck to your mom.
I hope the docs work their magic quickly.
Maybe she should pick better films to star in then.
Since when don't we hold people accountable for their own actions?
You can't star in a film called "tranny sluts 9", and then complain that the porn industry is degrading to your sexuality.
I have in the past with a bad outcome.
Not going down that road again I'm afraid.
idea o.O
Unnhh.
I wish people would let it die already.
THROW THE FUCKING BOGIES AWAY!!!
Just do it man, and then worry about all of this shit later!
There was a lot more.
How did the conversation with your mom go after that?
What'd she say?
How'd she act?
Is It awkward now-- oh fuck it.
USES AN IPAD TO TAKE PICTURES?
Oh yeah, that's definitely a good idea.
It's almost like every time I log in I see her most recent post at the top of my newsfeed.
I'm pretty sure facebook does this on purpose.
She asked who took them and why..
acted more concerned than shocked I guess.
She said 'What if I'd gone and got them printed off!
Or if -her partner- looked through the camera instead!' I'm still embarrassed by it because the pictures were..
pretty full on let's say.
But thankfully it's not awkward.
Guess I'm lucky in that respect at least!
Yeah, it's taken me a while to realize that.
You're right, it's not.
It's far from it.
HAHA funny thing, my best friend told me this exact thing.
"You look like the good guy here man.
She's the one that looks like a bitch." I did have others tell me "get with her best friend, it's payback!"
First time my life actually resembles a song, and it's this one.
Casual pictures to look through herself.
Not for quality or anything else.
She's not fussed
Hugs, dude.
Hugs.
Ok how bout you post in ?
Wouldn't that make everyone happy?
You know, this reminds me of my time in the organic chemistry laboratory.
We were doing some buffering, and out of sheer curiosity I decided to test a beaker I believed to be dilute lye (safe, basic water)
It turned litmus paper darker shade of red than pH 2, later turned out to be 200ml of pure sulfuric acid.
A TA forgot it at our table.
This is why you label shit.
Not just when you're making crystal meth and risk an explosion, but whenever you're handling dangerous chemicals.
And I worked as a kitchen aid in a bar.
The hot wing sauce made the air unbreatheable.
Please don't tell me your ghost pepper garbage is just food.
Do it anyway?
I prefer being just a name without a face for now :P
You can trust us.
I'm sure, I'm sure haha
It's funny how the most downvoted comment is essentially saying the same.
I don't really have any sympathy; you dun goofed.
I come to this subreddit to read a story and be entertained, not read three sentences.
Sucks about the girl, though.
I don't see how it's a big deal.
I'm an atheist and my boyfriend believes in a god.It's whatever you choose to believe, as long as no one is shoving their ideas down the other's throat.
had to say it...
HAPPY CAKE DAY TO YOU!
See some of my other comments, she was a bit...umm...crazy.
That was six years ago, don't have em anymore.
I was sitting in the waiting room, what do you expect me to do, read womens quarterly?
It is just food.
I (as well as my wife) love them, and eat them in everything.
Not everyone does, or can handle even a smell of one, but we can and do, and will continue to do so.
All opinions aside, she gets a diff color plate from now on, but thanks for the support.
She was fine after the removed the crap from her stomach and hit her with some tums.
It has been an interesting Sunday all around though.
Only thing I know of my birth mother is that she was 14, red haired, catholic, loved horses and 5' 90lbs.
I was a little over 10lbs when I was born so I still feel kinda bad about that one.
Have no knowledge of the birth father.
At this point I've gotten so mangled from gun shots/stab wounds/spinal fusions etc that I just don't worry about medical history, besides I've always loved surprises =).
At this point my adopted father (mom's first husband) has passed and I refer to my step-father as dad so I'm happy with how things have all worked out.
I'm using that next time Im asked family history.
We need to see them!
Yah I always hated having to explain everything as a kid, the worst was they look some teachers gave me, this was in the 70's, when they learned I was a child of a single parent.
Now it's more trivia and time has worn away all the stupidity around my family so it's just who matters to me now.
A bonus was always having a good choice of character names for D+D games, because all my grandparents and prior had really interesting names to modern ears =).
I think a flow chart would work better than a family tree for my family, and it seems most others as well =).
What do you do to yourself?!
My husband's birthmom tried to smother him with a pillow when he was two days old, and then she bounced back to the Native reservation she grew up on.
He was raised by his third stepmother (his dad's fourth wife), and refers to her as his mother, even though she never legally adopted him.
His dad is a useless drug addict and we don't keep in touch with him or his fifth wife after they broke into our house and robbed us.
Ahh, memories!
Glad to hear!
And years from now you can laugh, hopefully.
I don't see why people feel the need to be passionate about their religions.
Just believe, do what you need to do to feel good, and shut up about it.
I say you dodged a bullet.
if you had a baby with her; you two would have completely different views on how to bring up the child.
This doesn't mean you have to date an atheist, just find someone who doesn't feel the need to shove their beliefs down everyone's throats.
imma jack off MY DICK
She probably isn't (unless this is a throwaway.)
The story isn't very interesting, I doubt you'd end up being entertained.
Hahaha wow..
I too work in a bar, however bathrooms are the managers responsibility thank god.
it's like a corporate restaurant/bar so people don't usually get too reckless.
Not that I don't have stories, haha.
Make it entertaining.
Put your creative writing ability to the test.
You can even fabricate a little bit.
Yeah, last name on my birth certificate is fun to spell.
Mostly, it's amusing when people spell it wrong, because after the first letter, it's exactly as it sounds.
Were you eating a tuna sandwich?
Now that would be embarrassing.
My mom had to have emergency gallbladder removal surgery and there were complications.
She's been in the hospital for 3 days and she's still there.
ruin peoples lives.
Hope your mom gets well.
jack off your dick, for science.
Sadly nowadays the name isn't recognized by sub 30's that often...makes me sad for musical taste in some ways as well
I really love that my family is a motley crew now though as we can just bring anyone we want into the family and they are always accepted, and family reunions are always awesome.
I read it in Steven voice.
I love my own family reunions.
And I'm glad that after all that you're still alive!
Your family sounds pretty awesome.
you sound like you have a story to tell
Pity high-5 though I hope your moms okay.
I'm sure a current pic will work just fine for the...eehhh...
nice name lol
all that matters is that in the end, you got your mattress, so now you can catch up on sleep on your new mattress after your all-nighter.
I'm a very trustworthy fellow.
Just like everyone else on the internet, right?
Those must've been some god damn sexy poses.
no, my mom's just really insanely religious.
Test subject is uncooperative.
Knew I wasn't the only one thinking this.
I said you could trust us, didn't I?
24.795 on a good day.
, Suh-cur-adee.
This chick has got send us a pic!
She has got to!
lol, thank you for making me feel better.
I still feel like a dumbass, but you helped ease the embarrassment a little :)
It was a simple mistake, man.
You did EVERYTHING you could.
You're a loving son for still keeping traditions and including everyone as best you can.
It's a mistake anyone would have made.
You're awesome.
Your family's awesome.
It isn't your fault.
My dad somehow got a huge tractor stood up on one end by accident once.
Next time, different plates.
Or just go out for dinner.
That is rather impressive.
I'm really hoping the 13 in your name is not an indication of your age.
Anyone possessing a copy of those photos, including your parents, will go down with child pornography charges if caught.
That weight will weigh on them for the rest of their lives.
Let's talk nightmare scenario: parents don't check the camera and pack it in their carry-on for a trip.
TSA finds it.
Your dad is in jail for possession of child pornography, and tagged with the much more horrific accusation of production of child pornography.
Using his own daughter.
Even once it's all swept away, your family will always have the scars of that ordeal.
I know you wanted to please your boy, and it's an honest mistake.
It's natural; I did similar things for girls at that age.
But don't ever, EVER let someone take a picture of you naked until you're 18, as it can destroy their life.
If you trust them enough to let them see you naked, they can trust you to act in their best interests when cameras come into play.
Tl;dr: play smart, play safe.
Leave the cameras in their cases until you're both older.
This is the kind of stuff that comes straight out of anime.
But it's a blessing AND a curse, because it's so rare.
You know, I shouldn't really complain.
At least it's not that abhorrent reclining skeleton.
Might I ask where in WI?
This sounds familiarly reversed...
Also, hugs.
For reasons.
You should, uh, consider that follow-up message.
Before they, you know, follow up with the po'leece.
How did I explain this to my mom whose eyes were wide as saucers?
"It's a paperweight!"
It doesn't seem like your mom flipped out "oh-my-baby-is-corrupted!", so just be as straight as you can with her.
The worst you might be subjected to is a lecture, no matter how old you are.
Happy ending.
If nothing else, be comforted by the fact that you're probably not the first redditor to almost kill his/her mum.
expensive and worthless.
No matter how much I wore mine, it would pop back out because my one tooth kept moving and then it broke.
, my retainer snapped in half just by me trying to fit it back over my teeth
Pour your tears into an email.
Tell her you're sorry you missed saying goodbye and that you'll be thinking of her every day for the rest of the year.
With enough emo in that message, she'll wait for ya 'til you come home.
Anyone ever notice weird shit ALWAYS happens on Sunday's?
Also, glad your moms feeling better
apparently the Brits have very healthy teeth...they just don't look that great.
When all this is over you should make a batch to thank the doctors.
Just don't get them mixed up with the ones the doctors took out
i did the same thing-ish but with a protein SDS Page Gel and some protein samples that took 4 days to isolate from cells.
at least yours was only 2 hours worth of work...
im confused as well
Wisdom.
My question is the second you realized you couldn't for sure tell the difference between the two plates...
why did you serve them before tasting?
Unless you perhaps did see a difference between the two (Plate color,etc) and just switched the two in your head?
, eitherway, hope your mom turns out okay, and I'm sure she'll forgive you.
that actually made me make up my mind :p
you could always use a throwaway
It's funny how reddit is so consistent.
i love how like 5 people went into full detail about "the dangers of nudie pics".
that obviously happened to each of those poor redditors.
Also keep in mind most people post a I ACCIDENTALLY DELETED MY WHOLE PHONE event to facebook every three days so the chances of them having them for long is fairly slim lol.
Wow you are awkward.
I'm sorry OP
This sounds like the plot of a teen movie.
Don't tell him.
You are homeless technically.
Keep it a secret and don't do it again (harder than it sounds).
Would you mind me asking what name?
I'm 17 but tend to like or at least be familiar with older music.
At least it wasn't an extremely old person who had a weak heart.
Now that would have been a fuck up.
you know, it's true.
you might be putting your housing situation in jeopardy if he doesn't take it well.
No joke, he was on a wait list for 7 months to get it in the first place.
There, there...
There, there...
my (ex?) boyfriend just moved back to his home country, so I know the feeling.
It's the crappiest kind of breakup.
It sucks all around.
That being said, I'd be super hurt if he posted that.
We have a "date or fuck whoever you want, as long as you never tell me about it and don't fall in love" policy.
Maybe you should just talk to her about it.
are you planning on dating this girl now?
And that will pose a problem for living in the same house?
Where are you going from here?
At least you got your whiskey dick to function, amirite?
Yeah I was a super dumbass.
I apologized extensively but she is pretty upset about it.
Hoping as the pain of the breakup passes she will forgive me.
I could have done much much worse but I still care about her so much and knowing I upset her kills me.
Man I regret it.
I should have said something like that but I think I have bothered her enough lately.
She did say she is not looking to rebound so that makes me feel good.
I know she won't for numerous reasons.
Just need to never tell her if I ever do myself I suppose.
Man it really is a crappy breakup.
miss her so goddamn much.
Been 3 weeks since we broke up.
Things are getting better but still...
How long ago did you breakup?
Ever heard of that block option on there?
You can totally get rid of anyone you don't want to see, or anyone you don't want seeing you.
Funny story!
Wow, I thought this was hilarious until the last few lines.
I hope everything turns out all right for you and your mom.
I was on a trip this past week.
On a long bus ride afterward, I was flipping through the pictures of a girl's camera who'd gone on the same trip.
In the middle of the normal pictures from the trip, of people hiking and what not, was one of her naked.
I calmly continued to flip through the pictures and acted like I didn't see anything.
Did the same thing, but as I've said on here before, is it possible to forget breasts?
Was thinking about that, but I just would not be able to go through life with this on my conscious.
That's a possibility, but I doubt that will happen.
Dunno how I'm gonna tell him, but I have to.
And YES lol, I was actually worried at the time it would stay limp.
Ghost peppers have always hit me in like the first 3 seconds.
Would you like to date this girl?
All other things aside.
The whole "she's like a sister" is just BS.
Get over that.
The only people that are like siblings are your actual siblings.
It is totally normal to grow up close to another family and then have feelings for one of them, it happens all the time.
How you actually fucked up was by doing this while that family was letting you crash at their house.
I don't have any advice for you, but I must thank you for using the correct contraction of you all.
Well, damnit, .
If you're that persistent to tell him, then that just shows you're a true best friend for not wanting to hide anything from him.
Hit us with an update.
Cry like a kid who just had his saved file on pokemon erased.
Unless he's actually THAT mad, there's no way your best bud's going to destroy you when you regret it so much you're weeping.
4/10 F+ would not leave sister again.
Fake a pregnancy test, make it look positive, then be like, "this is your sisters.
the kids mine." and when he get super pissed just be like, "JUST KIDDING!
I used a condom."
Proof or it didn't happen...
If all goes well, yea that'd be nice.
OP: "Josh, I'm gay, and I've always had feelings for you."
Josh: "WHAAT?!"
OP: "Ha ha just kidding, I fucked your sister."
I say tell him.
If he is really a friend, he will forgive you...
eventually.
i won't say he's going to be happy about it, but his little sister could do a lot worse than his own best friend.
At the very least, he'll know you aren't just using her.
Edit: Have you talked to the girl about a possible relationship?
If you intend on going steady, maybe it might make it easier on your friend.
It could have been worse.
If I had to choose a fuck up recipient in the family, it would definitely be the mom.
She used to wipe shit out of your ass after changing your diaper, so it's probably not worse than that.
Dad would probably be the worst in my opinion; dads don't want to see that shit.
Harry Potter.
Harry was homeless and taken in by the who practically became his new family.
Who did he wind up with?
Ginny, his best friend's little sister.
Ron may not have liked it at first, but he knew that there was no one better for his sister than the person who he himself knew was the best guy out there.
Tl;dr Be Harry Potter.
It's not as bad as in the eye.
I know this sounds bad but recently I was seeing a girl who was previously my best friend.
Anyway this girl and I were really close (and still are) and I had never considered her anymore than a friend, and the night she came over we had a few drinks with my sister.
SO one thing lead to another and we were hooking up in my bed next to my sleeping sister, who woke up and told me off.
It was pretty fucked up.
Anyway I immediately regretted it and we talked it over the next day and decided for the best that nobody should know and we should forget it ever happened.
It somehow happened two more times on separate occasions, but still nobody knows but me, her and my sister.
I felt super guilty at the time but I can assure you that guilt passes, however wrong that sounds.
You should keep it quiet, and really try not to get yourself into a situation where that can happen again.
Josh: "Okay good.
Keep doing that.
Just don't lick dick."
Boom.
This guy knows what's up.
he didn't really provide a solution.
And neither did I.
I don't get this, I don't see what you did wrong.
You two have feelings for each other and are both adults, there's nothing wrong with exploring those feelings.
If you want to be with each other, be with each other.
Life's too short to miss out on a good thing.
And it really isn't anyone's business but yours and hers.
good will come of you telling her brother about it.
Wait a sec, let me grab some popcorn and watch reddit destroy your youth.
Just be honest with him man tell him you like her and thing got a little out of hand.
I've used that comfortably numb spray before.
Shit only works for like 2-3 minutes then you have to respray.
And I had sprayed very generously.
I have just come to realize practice makes perfect.
My boyfriend likes it when I gag (haven't thrown up...yet anyways) because my eyes water.
Fuck man.
This shit ain't funny.
HAHA why is this downvoted?
This is the first comment to make me laugh out loud all day.
I thought sex with your sisters was allowed in Texas
You should look around for a new place to stay, just in case you need a place to crash temporarily.
on where you are, I know that ( has some really good people in Texas that you could stay for a while.
This is really gonna come down to if you're planning on dating her or not.
If he's really your best friend and pseudo-brother he will eventually forgive you.
if you're a decent guy for his sister and you're planning on dating her.
"Better the devil you know" and all that jazz.
If you're not planning on dating her, you'll potentially wind up being the guy who drunkenly fuck-and-chucked his sister, which is Bad News Bears.
Not a bad idea to look for a new place of permanent residence.
Good to watch your back.
Good luck with everything.
If you like her, see about dating her.
It will probably make things better in the long run.
Or worse if you break her heart.
Dating friends' sisters is generally difficult.
I really hoped I wasn't the only one thinking this.
FUCKING SERIOUSLY?
You had sex with a wonderful girl that you've known for years and have grown incredibly close to.
And oh yeah, SHE'S NOT RELATED TO YOU.
Own up to it and start seeing her.
You stupid mother fucker.
CRISIS AVERTED.
Good job everyone.
This might just work.
I never understood why people take photos of themselves,i dunno...being naked?
Even with t9 typing in "you" wasn't that hard.
I hate and avoid single-character abbreviations and three-letter initialisms with a passion.
To someone unfamiliar with them, their message is not apparent or easily-interpreted.
Maybe some more-recent examples that may jog the memory are the first times you saw someone reply "ikr" on its own or "smh" on its own.
If you're an inventive or imaginative person, there are too many applicable interpretations that you could come up with that might fit the context but aren't accurate.
Or they just listen to the hivemind and know it will get them karma.
Yeah, probably that one.
Or just tell the truth and date her anyway.
I mean to type "i" on my phone and it comes out as a lone "u," leading me to die a little inside.
Yeah this was the one in a thousand times some dude started talking about a crush on some chick he's known forever and she ACTUALLY LIKES HIM TOO.
You won the lottery.
It's also funny how "TITS OR GTFO" and "PICS OR IT DIDN'T HAPPEN" essentially mean the same thing in this case...
But he wants to date his friend's sister.
If OP cries, it'll seem like he just slept with his mum, not destroy his friendship.
What I say is just tell him straight, and that he intents to have a proper relationship with the girl.
creepy PMS?
Hah, I have no clue what "smh" means :P
While trying to guess, I keep coming back to "suck my hat".
Gonna have to look that up.
Edit: Smh.
Not even close.
Did I just walk into 4chan?
off topic, but I've noticed quite a lot of these lately.
Your username really throws me off.
The hyphen at the end causes your karma to appear negative.
I have to double and triple check everytime.
It's very distracting.
OP: "Josh, I'm gay, and I've always had feelings for you."
Josh: "WHAAT?!"
OP: "Ha ha just kidding, I fucked your sister."
Josh: "Oh..."
OP: "You're not angry?"
Josh: "Well..
more disappointed."
OP: "I'm sorry, man.
It wasn't just sex, we talked for a while and turns out we share feelings for each other."
Josh: "Not about my sister..
Just, don't worry."
OP: "No Josh, what's wrong?"
Josh: "Well..
That girl I took to my room last night, we didn't have sex."
OP: "Oh.
Why not?"
Josh: "Well, we talked for a while, and she was interested in me.."
OP: "But, what happened?"
Josh: "Don't worry, actually."
OP: "C'mon bud, you can talk to me, we're pretty much family"
Josh: "I...
I've always had feelings for you..
OP: "Oh."
Josh: "Yes.
And my sister is actually a manipulative, attention craving bitch who despises homosexuals.
I bet she did this to get at me."
OP: "I don't know what to say."
Josh: "Don't say anything."
cue porno music
If I was in his friends shoes I would personally feel more awkward than anything if he did tell him straight up.
I know I would take "I'm dating your sister" Better than "I banged your sister and would like to date her", but then again I can't speak for him so my opinion matters little here.
back on my first comment I just realized that fake crying would only increase his guilt as well as throwing the entire situation out of proportion.
I feel pretty sorry for the guy though.
Must feel like an elephant's sitting on his brain.
give him a damn hug!
no pressure
hahaha, I apologize.
I'm pretty stubborn and uncreative and when the option for "spazmodic" was taken, I thought I had already made an account.
I did a password reset and I didn't get any emails.
Super-frown-faced and defeated, added a hyphen.
trying to frame it as you are considering dating, rather than just outright "I fucked your sister".
"" is a state of mind.
You mean "conscience".
And it's only wrong if you don't intend to pursue a relationship.
He's going to find out sooner or later.
Best option is for you and his sister to tell him together.
He'll be pissed but it won't be like you guys purposely fooled around behind his back.
I feel exactly the same way.
When saw all the SD people complaining on the news about the show my immediate reaction was "WTF are they complaining about?
That had to be one of the most intense displays ever." I would have loved to have seen it in person.
Haha, you think he used a condom.
That's cute.
At least you didn't fuck up by getting caught by the brother.
Not the best of experiences..
Look at it this way.
Either you can fuck his sister and treat her right, or some other jerkbag can fuck his sister in an uncomfortable place and then drop her on the curb.
Well, at least it's not numbers.
I can't stand having to use numbers in usernames (or emails).
No reason why.
Just irritating.
And I can never keep track of which numbers go to which sign in.
No, but lying gets you in less trouble, right?
Not when you learn a week later that she really is pregnant.
If you both already liked each other, he probably wont be all that surprised.
Dont look back in 20 years regretting the one that got away.
Why did your folks kick you out?
Can you go back there hat in hand?
nice try, Janis.
Thats when you really are fucked.
You know, that's a good point.
I would never had thought to use a number, and I also don't like them that much.
I have one address with a number in it and it was automatically generated for me without my input.
Jerks.
solid idea there.
Nothin is on your fault, you made your best to get her a nice dish and that is really great from you.
Keep in mind that shit happens, it's a sad accident but hey, at least it only an accident!
By the way, your wings looks incredibly tasty.
CRYSIS?
MAXIMUM INCEST
Oof.
I would have just deleted the account.
I have enough issues trying to remember which "imawaffle"'s have 69 in front of them, and which don't.
To have another variable would just push me too far.
What an odd thing to have a problem with.
Living with the fam is your biggest problem.
I had a friend do the exact same thing, minus the living together part.
And they were in high school.
They ended up dating and it was all good with everyone.
the family likes you.
Treat her right and your friend shouldn't have a problem with it.
I am pretty sure its because you used blue cheese.
That shit is the gnar.
Hope shes okay.
Try some ranch next time.
Jeeze man, you're in a bit of a pickle.
I think you should tell your friend how you feel about his sister (don't open up with "LOL fucked ur sister okbye").
If he's as good a friend as you've made him out to be he might understand.
you should go in with a backup place to crash at for a while, just in case.
I guess the question to reflect on is whether she brought the topic to the feelings thing or you did.
I know a lot of stuff, but I don't know your situation beyond a few paragraphs; don't interpret this as me saying you should do some particular thing.
I just like reflecting on things; hahaha.
No no the 13 is nothing to do with age haha, I'm 19 and the pictures were my idea not my bf's anyway.
, she asked me about it for a couple of minutes then we both went on with whatever we were doing, I'm lucky haha
...Did she believe the paperweight excuse?
Oh, I don't even want to think about if anyone else had seen them, I'm almost glad it was my mum in that respect!
As a fellow with many things that I have a problem with but really shouldn't, I completely understand...
Been browsing reddit for a while, only just signed up though.
Talk with Janice and see where she wants to go from here.
You were drunk so anything said is bullshit and the only thing that matters is what you did.
Also, PLEASE FFS SAY YOU USED PROTECTION!
If she wants things to continue with you and her being together, then sure, go ahead with it but stay away from the sex until you can get your own place.
Also, if/when you tell Josh DO NOT tell him you two had sex.
Just leave it at, "Janice and I have been hanging out a lot lately and the other night Janice and I were talking and we'd like to see eachother.
NOTHING but bad can come from you getting caught with her.
Also, gentlemen don't kiss and tell so there's definitely no reason that your friend Josh needs to know ANYTHING more than you're dating her and maybe the basics.
That shows the kind of man you are as well as showing your respect for her and her privacy.
it or not, girls tend to frown on you talking about private - intimate - matters involving them to your friends.
That goes double if your friend is her brother.
me she is not going to want Josh to know ANY of the details of that night.
Leave it at wanting to go out and if he asks if you two have done anything, the MOST you should says is "We've kissed" if even that.
No details or anything.
It's none of his business and, what's more, this doesn't just effect you.
This effects Janice as well so you have to take into account what talking about all this does to her and the kind of position you'd be putting her in.
TL;DR: Quit banging her until you move out.
Use protection.
Josh doesn't need full details and it's not your place to volunteer that information.
Think of Janice as well.
stolen from " X"...
Did your neighbor come out with a flame thrower as well?
PICS OR BS.
jeez man the guy is kind of sad ease up a little
I told him I was sorry.
I could have said it more elaborately, in the same way he could have told his story with more detail.
Just tell him you were wrestling.
I'm going to be that guy and say:
My new friends never steal my Pacer, and its got a licorice dispenser inside and a discman.
U should be more careful, what he give u like a shot of peach schnapps and knock you out?
Sounds like a rookie move to me, but just IMO.
GL, I am sure your dad wont be that mad.
DERF
My friend has a protocol for this, he calls it "Deny, deny, deny!"
It's similar to the "Delete, delete, delete!" protocol when handing your phone to your girlfriend.
I just set my best friend since middle school up with my older brother.
My friend and I are both 25; my bro is 31.
They've always had a crush on each other, a few days ago I just called them out on it and (we all live in different states) they're already making plans to see each other.
Their relationship is none of my business.
I love them both and want them to be happy.
I guess I don't really understand this as a liberal only-child.
You were both consenting adults of legal age, and although alcohol might've played a part you both shared feelings for each other beforehand.
And if you two started dating your friend should know by now you're a good dude if he's your best friend and let you in his house to live.
either you're overreacting or - ...
Texas?
That might just throw all reason and logic out the door.
G'luck.
Edit: Also, if you do take it to the next level, for the sake of your life don't break it off with her while you're living there.
Cause then shit's gonna get real.
Fuck Josh.
He has no right to be angry about a dude having sex with his sister.
If you'd raped his sister, or beaten her up, or been in a committed relationship and then cheated on her, or done another hundred awful things, THEN he'd have a right to be angry.
But what you did, was you had consensual sex with another adult.
If he feels the need or right to be mad about his sister having some individual agency and sleeping with a guy she likes, well, fuck him.
And it's only wrong if you don't intend to pursue a relationship, but leads the other party to believe that you do.
I've always had feelings for you..
They are in Texas.
I say that first you need to decide what to do in the relationship regard.
If she's not into you, fine, go tell him it's a once off and that you were drunk and your judgement slipped.
If she IS into you, then you both need to talk with her bro to lay it out that you're going to keep doing this in the future as well.
I'm not in .
Does this mean gay marriage is never going to happen?
Or it's already happened?
I lost my best buddy to this, The first time it struck he was only three.
We knew something was wrong because up until that point he would only really communicate through chirps or weird grunts.
One night he let out a full on meow and had a hard time jumping on the bed.
It was a close call, but he eventually recovered.
We changed up his diet to special formula stuff and all was well for a few years.
Still breaks my heart that I wasn't there for him when he really needed me.
am I, but as far as I know Texas isn't exactly the most likely state to legalize same sex marriage before hell freezes over.
What about telling him that you have feelings for his sister and if he has a problem with that.
"You know, you're my best friend and I would try to avoid a relationship with her, if you're absolutely against it.
I feel bad about it, but nobody can choose by free will, where the love falls to."
Or something like that in a better english.
It isn't gay until balls are touching.
they'll get there one day.
its been some hours, you still alive whiskey dick?
Your best bet is, unless you are planning on going out with this girl, to never mention it again!
If you are, have a chat with the girl and then go and see her brother/your friend together and explain (and still don't mention that you've banged already).
I love hot wings.
Had them on but they weren't that hot.
They kind of sucked.
I hope she's okay now man, really sucks to hear, it's terrible how such deliciousness could do that :(
I checked your links to see if you've posted to .
Well sorry to disappoint haha
If this is the worst fuck-up in your life, be grateful.
Man the fuck up.
So as i see it you took a huge dump on the "brocode"
Buuut if you really like her and she also really likes you and it wasn't a drunken move, you two should talk to him and explain that you guys have feelings for one another.
He assume he will be pissed as hell first but he should not deny his sister love or even his bestes of bro's.
So yeah talk to him, together, and just be open and truthfull
I have a horrible habit of wrapping my retainers in tissues or paper towels before I'm about to eat.
I mistake it for trash and when I realize it's gone I have to sift through a trash can to find this expensive piece of plastic and disinfect it for hours.
I don't wear my retainer anymore after that.
Just see the experience as the day you realised you were a true redditor.
On a bad day it's on fire.
666 lol
Just get caught doing it.
He'll figure it out from there.
Doesn't mean he didn't FU.
Hey, look - the first actual advice.
FU?
FU, too!
Ask if he would mind if you took his sister on a date.
Or tell him you are going to date his sister
Don't tell him u banged his sister.
Not even in 20 years when your best mates with him and married to the sister.
As a guy with sisters, I don't want to hear about them smooshing their privates with anyone.
And I'm lots older than you.
Yes I'd say this.
If/when you tell Josh, I'd put emphasis on the fact that you actually have feelings for her but have been trying to ignore them out of respect for y'all's family-type bond.
Make sure he understands that you actually like her, because you will immediately go from "best friend" to "sister's prospective boyfriend."
But mainly, find a new place to live.
not only is that the perfect way to do it, that made me laugh for a solid 2 minutes.
Please, Please, PLEASE post an update to this.
I'm dying to know how this turns out.
EDIT: Best of luck to ya, buddy.
I hope Josh congratulates you two and you guy and janice can start a great relationship.
Sort it out with her first.
I don't mean sort out what you're going to do about him, I mean sort out what the two of you are going to do.
If you're going to date, then do it properly, as other people have suggested.
get his blessing, tell him you're going to treat her right.
you do, do NOT tell him you feel it was a mistake.
If you do tell him you've already done it, then don't let him feel like you regret it or that you fucked up.
You slept together because you have feelings for each other, so make it a proper relationship.
If his family likes you that much, then they should have no problem with you two dating, provided you don't flaunt the fact you're screwing her.
This should've been a reply to the (
OP: "Josh, I fucked your sister.
Janice is like a sister to me so I feel like I fucked my own sister too.
It was the best sex ever btw."
Josh : "Nice."
great stuff, write a screenplay
Brag
I'm so sorry to hear this!
As a pet parent, I understand how you just really want to be there for them, but I also understand that sometimes it's just not possible.
I'm glad this lil guy is better!
It gives me hope!
My vet didn't even bring up the E word, so I guess my guy was in a lil better shape.
I dunno though, it's still scary because he's not home yet.
Guilty vs homeless.
Which would you rather be?
and probably on watch lists forever now.
POW CHI KE POW POW (retro's porn music)
Lets hope he does !.
May I ask why?
lol @ blue cheese, if you mix it with ranch it makes a killer dip
I promise.
To me it does, as its the only day of the week I have off work :/
I swapped them in my head.
My dad actually ended up with the mild ones, and he was pissed about that himself.
I thought the CO-WI parallel was cool.
I love CO and I have someone I once sort of had to leave behind who lives in WI.
Bit south of you, though.
I'm sitting here hoping that Josh reads this.
She thought it was funny as shit after they fixed her.
I did not and still don't.
I think for now when it comes to shit like that when they are here, we are eating out.
Maybe a Wild Wings?
And make sure she orders blazing.
(Mine puts that pussy shit to shame)
Logged in the Spank Bank since I first saw them.
change the sheets?
dat sucks bro
Call me crazy
Crazy.
Maybe it's just the fact that I tend to be a Momma Bear
Keep your crazy to yourself.
No breeding.
A lot of people in Texas still believe in white supremacy.
Can't even imagine gay marriage being legalized.
And to all you ' redditors, I'm from so I know what I'm talking about.
Why tell him?
I can remember the feeling of each set of breasts I've ever had the pleasure of holding/touching.
Not always a good thing, but still.
That'll get ya shot in Texas, son.
Don't get shot!
Don't know if they have shotgun weddings in Texas but they do in the south...
has gone to our room
has gone to her room
lying on her bed
As someone who lives in Texas I can say that I haven't seen one white supremest.
Dude, chill.
I don't literally mean a lot.
But where my uncle lives he says there quite a few.
[Think next time before you make a blanket statement.](
I thought it was pretty common to bang your sister in Texas should be fine
[ I live to take advice from people on the internet.](
"It's better to do and ask forgiveness than to ask for permission"
Awh, I'm so sorry to hear that
gay marriage is hated by stereotypical rednecks and southerners like texas
post a pic of janice!
We Texans are more of the "let's drink and fuck somebody" than the "let's fuck our sister" variety
There it is.
Seems like everyone's so concerned about her brother when perhaps you ought to be scared of her dad?
I hope everything works out alright.
I had something like this happen to me once, but since he and I were like brothers, I just bought him a bottle of whisky the next weekend, and it was all good lol.
Guess that's what happens in greeklife though haha.
BTW, upvoted for the story, but also for a fellow TEXAN!!!
Why would you ask the parents about this?
You aren't getting married.
[Look guys!
irony!](
You're suggesting they live in the same house with this nice family who has taken him in and hide their relationship?
There's a difference between asking permission, and not being secretive.
i'd be surprised if you can irrecoverably kill-flash your own bios nowadays..
Glad she's okay.
The title of this post had me hoping you had puked on the Queen or something.
Well practically you're not siblings, not even in-laws and it's actually normal to fall in love with a girl who you have known for so long and have such a great relationship with.
I think nobody's gonna get mad if you just tell that you are together but don't get into the details.
And that kids, is how I met your mother.
don't worry about it dude.
like if you ever break up make sure it's a chill break up so y'all can all still be friends.
if it's just a one night stand tho don't even bother telling josh.
wash the sheets, spray febreze/clean the area on mattress where you peed, flip the mattress over so pee side is now on the bottom, and put clean sheets back on.
the dude prolly wont even notice.
That's not fucking up.
That's fucking beautiful.
I think the bigger fuck up here is not helping.
But my first instinct would probably be to book it out of there as well lol.
but we'll all be killed by lord voldemort if you don't marry her...
I read the title and cringed.
But it worked out nicely, you didn't really do anything immoral, but it could have ended waaay worse.
Dude, super happy it worked out.
You just made your TIFU into a TIFDI!
(Today i fucking did it.)
We have homophobes all over .
Had sex, got the girl, still buds, and not homeless.
should be your TL;DR
Leave and never return.
What I had meant by "go to the parents" was be open about the relationship and yes, that involves, in his case, asking permission, if he wants the best results.
The reason is that he still lives with them.
Just about every father I know would take issue with inviting someone into his house then finding out this person he let stay with him was dating his daughter in that very house.
Dating = banging = taking away his daughter.
It doesn't matter how much of the father's perceived notions of what you two would be doing is based in any sort of fact because you live under his roof.
Even if Janice wants to date you AND Josh is cool with it - if the parents don't want that happening while you live there, then you're fucked.
Now, if you approach them with humility and grace, it tends to win favor and respect.
This also allows the father to set ground rules for the two of you.
"No intercourse in my house" sort of things.
The more open and upfront you all are with these boundaries, the more likely it is that you'll be able to keep living there long enough to try and move out WHILE dating her.
is really not very attractive and would probably be a good way to lose her.
TL;DR: The home belongs to the parents.
Don't piss them off.
Hobos have hard times finding dates.
Hey, I came to TIFU to hear bad story to make me feel good about by BS.
What appears to be the start of an amazing, happy relationship is clearly NOT what I expect to find here.
Well done, you happy bastard!
Well then, I'm an idiot.
Carry on.
How old is your sister?
What has she said since?
Do your parents know?
I have 4 sisters in my biological family and 3 in my other
I live in Texas and mostly everybody in my town doesn't care if your gay.
Geez.
So you were paying for $3/day worth of google adwords ads that weren't doing much for her?
Given that she made very little money?
't she technically pay you back for those ads as they were for her?
Bummer it didn't work out so well.
Nice of you to help out so completely though and buy ads for her.
Josh: "Damn, cuz I want to suck your dick"
congrats man.
Glad things turn out every now and then.
My dad looked out the window "You mowed the entire lawn?" "Yep." "...Huh.
If you say so."
Then 5 minutes later I realized what I had done.
Tears were shed.
Do you happen to live in Austin by any chance?
You're happier than I am.
Had sex, got the girl, still buds, not homeless and ???
Well I didn't even tell her I was doing it.
At the time I really didn't understand google (I still don't), I think at the time I thought it was a test account.
I didn't realize it was the real thing.
So I don't feel like I can even tell my friend about it.
Thanks so much for your kind reply.
I'll get over it.
My husband wasn't even that upset about it.
I just feel super dumb.
If my best friend had sex with my sister, I wouldn't care.
The word 'best friend' means something here.
If you are worried about a guilty conscience, maybe you could test the waters.
Tell your besty you really like her.
Ask him for his blessings.
If you get them,great!
If you don't, then you fight for it dammit!
Show him you GIVE A DAMN.
Don't bring it up with the sister until everything is hunky-dory with the brother.
Though, I still stress on the fact that you are homeless, technically.
I have no idea how your friends parents are going to react to all this.
Do not tell anyone about the sex, ever.
ooo, see this is where you are wrong.
you entered this thread, and attacked me as well in an all camps and insult spewing comment.
do not misrepresent when any admission of guilt i have made sir, for on the meat and context of the situation i have made NONE.
Unless the government creates a federal law forcing them to, this seems about right.
This post really brightened up my day :) Very happy for you
The dude will notice his sheets are clean.
Try to mess them up or something.
Damn it, Billy!
Ask him if he's in to watersports.
Even then, the Nation of Texas still won't legalize it.
upvote for being Texan
Your creep meter just keeps rising with each comment you post.
Go post on .
on who was on top, don't it?
Cock sock sounds cooler.
Don't blame nyan cat because you fucked up.
Moral of the story, talking mushy gets you laid.
This happened to me once, though not my roommate, and was a friend's couch.
it was leather and I was the very first person to awake (obviously) after the party and managed to clean it sufficiently enough.
Left his house shortly after and drove home at 8am covered in piss.
Upvote for "one self-esteem"
Yeah, I peed on a friends couch once.
She was super chill, we were able to wash the cushion covers and she covered for me and said I said I fell asleep with a beer in my hand.
friend.
But yeah feels really bad.
Texas is like North , only bigger and hotter.
Okay well I poop on you sirrah.
We need more details, damn it!
kinda seems to have turned from a TIFU to a Today I Things Out
YAYYY I love it when these things end happily, good luck to you!
Y'all (!) handled the situation really well.
That's her own damn fault, shes allowed to correct you.
We're realists.
I don't always give upvotes, but when I do...
It's for stories like this.
such as shithead?
or shitlord?
i mean, they are both descriptive and really the only ways i have seen them lately have been to insult/hurt the feelings of people.
and really the only place i have seen them used lately is ...
by you.
I work for a credit card company(billing disputes unit actually) and if a company is asking for a credit card it's most likely they'll charge you at some point.
If you haven't yet i would contact and they should be willing to help.
FUCKING FINALLY MAN!
I've been waiting for this shit to happen you dickwad.
This made my day.
So happy for you, man!!
"You're a Potter Billy!"
Yeah, I've read it's better to use 'trans' if you want to be lazy.
What a great ending to a tense story.
May ya both drink tall and live long together.
As someone from , I can safely say that of all of the states I've lived in (this includes Texas, and ) that is the only one I've actually witnessed family "relations" in.
I also saw it in Iowa but I didn't live there- was just visiting.
Oh, and too.
Damn, AL really is at the bottom of every list except unemployment.
Haha it's the , have fun with it and don't take anything too seriously.
Came here for the "I'm your sister!
" a la Joe Dirt stuff.
Never felt like this before...
It isn't here
Edited for bad grammar due to shock
similar happened to me a few months ago.
I ordered a few items from JC Penney online, once I received my package I thought everything was good.
I then googled the number attached to the charge and found out it was from JC Penney.
I then called JC Penney customer service and asked them what it was.
, when checking out I did not un-click a subscription to one of their magazines that I actually had not been receiving.
So I asked how long this had been going on for, and they told me since I last ordered which was 9 months ago.
90 bucks down the drain for a magazine I never even received!
So I complained, asked to speak to a supervisor, complained some more until they would give me a full refund.
I eventually got my full refund and I'm actually not the first person this has happened to.
I found a whole forum about this 10 dollar scam that JC Penney does.
, typing this out, our situations aren't that similar.
Exact same position as in OP's story.
chilling round at hers around about christmas '08.
Start making out on the living room sofa.
Her parents had gone to the pub and we had assumed her brother had as well.
BIG, BIG MISTAKE.
Things starts getting passionate and we end up naked.
This is then proceeded by the brother flinging the door open about 10 minutes later, completely obvious to what was going on, on the other side.
What made it worse was that the sofa was facing the door length ways, so my poor friend was greeted to the sight of his sister on all fours, whilst I looked at him in horror.
That one took quite a bit of apologising..
Well technically, he's a sister fucker.
josh, janice and mom all had it planned out and executed the plan flawless.
mom conveniently went out of town, josh snuck out of sight, and janice there all willing and waiting.
they are all high-fiving each other at the moment.
Well, at least it didn't happen while you were still employed?
don't take anything too seriously
Wait, people LIE on the internet??
Yeah pretend to have sexy time again on them.
This one day, I sprinted into this fairly busy public restroom only to find all of the stalls taken, except one.
of allowing a volcanic explosion of shit-magma come out of my asshole, I took the handicapped stall and basically destroyed it.
Dude shut up.
You're going to ruin it for the rest of us!
This needs to be an anime.
what if he reads this and gets to hear the details about you banging his sister.
That would be awesome :D To hear about on reddit!
I'll never understand why the generation below mine is so casual about keeping evidence of their misdeeds.
We all do stupid things but the best way to document them is via memories and conversations with the guilty.
I really shouldn't have to say this, but never take a picture of video of yourself doing something illegal.
That should be common sense.
LIKE THAT EXACTLY!
Coming from a guy with a younger sister, I can say that for several of my friends I would have no issue with them dating her.
Could make for an awkward situation if/when you guys break up though.
went better than expected.
by request
they'll get there one day.
Ah, my apologies.
At least we can both agree, though, that Iowa is just kinda weird lol :)
datfeel.jpg
Well, Texas weather IS pretty bipolar...
vaginal cream is right, do not tell anyone about the sex.
except for reddit of course.
, the Plano area has one of the largest homosexual populations in .
You really thinking someone would do that
talk of pants always make things far more sexual than the scene intended
at it's finest..
I subscribed to this sub because of the title of this story.
I was not disappointed.
This may be one of the greatest fuck ups I have ever read.
dm;nh
There are school districts in Texas that still practice segregation.
She believed it and remarked, "Look at how you're holding that (the anal plug)!
You can't hold your alcohol at all!"
You guys should cover her insurance deductible as a birthday gift.
Also, several months supply of soft foods wouldn't hurt.
Nope, fuck you, this is the complete opposite of a fuck up.
I'd say worst birthday ever.
Broken jaw and now she needs to pay for surgery.
At least you didn't scare the literal poop out of her.
Don't screw this up now, or you will still be out of that house (boy does she have power over you now, haha!).
Best of luck to y'all.
Anyway, you're very offtopic in this sub now...
MODS!!!
Did you say, (
I smell a TIFU of the week...
Update to a made up story?
That's dedication.
Bow chicka wow woww
him that you want to start dating his sister is a nice way of putting it.
But did you mention that the only reason you're bringing this up is because you had sloppy drunk sex with her last night?
, you see...
it's not exactly the same thing.
This or almost killing your mom with peppers.
It is pretty much a toss up.
Or poop yourself during the yelling of SURPRISE.
Most every TIFU involves the OP pooping.
Be thankful you weren't one.
Oh my god this happened to me.
Except it was in a dirty bathroom stall in a rest stop.
The poop was piled around 3 ft high, so I basically had to shit in my pants.
Before going into the stall I had also puked all over the bus.
The urinals were also filled to the brim with piss and I puked again, but I swallowed it down.
After getting to my destination, I got on a taxi.
Mid-way I had to shit again and I had to shit in these bushes by the side of the road.
Then, I went to a hospital, got put on an antibiotic drip, and slowly recovered.
The hospital's toilets were also closed for the night, so I had to shit and piss in a plastic bag.
I shoulda made a throwaway.
for the edit, hope things work out well for you and her.
Don't let life harden your heart, guy.
Sure, that one guy was a fuckface who stole your parents' car and you should be wary of people who give you a similar vibe, but don't just write EVERYONE off.
Yes, trust is a complicated thing, but you can't give up on it just because one person violated yours.
caution for sure, but don't just shut out the world entirely.
I remember reading the original post so glad to know everything worked out alright for you.
seems to be trending towards something like this: "Reddit TIFU by accidentally shitting my pants as I was surprising my friend at a party.
The shit smell was so bad everyone started puking and shitting them selves simultaneously at the party.
Two people died and several more had to be treated at the hospital."
Did you finish?
Well we will have to guess and use a different subject.
Get out of here summer.
Nobody likes you.
Where'd you get the pic from?
I hope?
Why does that not surprise me?
Moral of the story: No one fucking likes surprise parties.
Not much on the internet can make me literally laugh out loud, but this comment just did.
So, how'd it turn out talking to your folks?
Sorry man, you're going to have to repost this with "TIFU"
I'm sorry to hear about your parents.
What's the opposite of a TIFU?
Would it be TIMTBDOML?
(Today I Made The Best Of My Life?)
We feel really bad, but she understands that it was all with good intentions.
Sorry this response is a bit late.
I was out today and missed all the responses.
We're going to pay for her surgery (what insurance won't cover).
So hopefully that makes things a bit better.
Did they all know, or just your friend?
Did she throw up because you were jacking off or because she was drunk or something?
It helps, but if I were her I'd still be pissed.
she had planned the next few days is off, she'll have to miss work for this and the recovery period.
Then again I don't know anyone so delicate they'd faint out of sheer surprise and shock.
Worst survival instinct ever.
go back to the chan...
but then again you are really sounding like the winds of summer.
maybe it's best you just stay offline?
i mean obviously if mommy is watching - you don't belong on any of these sites.
Feel as bad as you want, but- that was hilarious.
Ask and you shall receive.
That actually worked quite well surprisingly.
This is my dream right here, man.
I have so much respect for you!
YOU ARE A GOD, OP.
A GOD.
a comment like this would get downvoted to oblivion.
technicly you didnt fuck up you were just oblivious so...
yep ya these words i understand some of them
I took a risk and for some reason shit just worked out.
You cray
I friend-zoned her?
BDSM accident...
ball gag was too big.
Worst survival instinct ever.
They didn't eat her did they?
Looks like it worked to me.
I've had a couple scares like that before.
And then one day, I actually did brick a nice computer of mine.
I don't mess around with my nice computers anymore, I always test on shitty old ones from 15 years ago.
At least that was my experience with ASUS.
Not sure how other companies will respond.
I did have to spend 20 minutes on the phone convincing the tech support person that I couldn't do a system restore because it wouldn't turn on.
If she's a romantic girl, and if you ever get the chance to fly back to her and visit, do it and you will not regret it.
'Course if she's the type that would just forget you and be all awkward if you came back to say goodbye, don't even bother worrying, man.
I am said girlfriend, and I am here to confirm that it was done during a consensual sex act and was, indeed, an accident.
immediately stopped when I safeworded out, offered immediate medical care (which I didn't need, just some at home first-aide) and personal aftercare.
tl;dr - Not abuse.
You didn't mention the spaghetti.
he probably didn't vote anyway.
The Dewey System.
I had a girl move away before I had a proper opportunity to express myself, not too long ago actually.
Shit sucks, man, but the best we can do is either force ourselves to get over it or do something drastic about it.
Does she have fainting goat syndrome?
I'm just gonna move on.
Total win.
I hope the relationship goes really well, it worked for us - my now husband was my big brothers' best mate.
We had been friends for a long time before anything happened.
Bro was a bit weirded out for a while, but he came around eventually and it's all good.
The real treasure of this kind of relationship is that there are no pretences, no bullshit.
You are comfortable being around each other as mates so you continue to be yourself around them, you know damn well they like you for who you really are.
you are going to complain about reddit when clearly everyone on reddit likes reddit?
I am an and I can't tell square feet from metres for shit.
As a science major, I'm so sorry.
On the bright side, extra pipetting practice is never a bad thing.
You might be interested in (
You my friend, are a pure genius.
No, you're going to get a bunch of stuff in the mail and they will notify your parents and your school.
, well wish me luck.
Not done by me, but this plugin is indeed priceless.
it's free.
I will gladly take your karma, though.
You have no choice in the matter.
This doesn't seem to be a very bad option in this case.
Way to turn a fuck up into the exact opposite man.
Good luck to you and Janice!
Though, it's gonna be weird living there if you all break up.
It'll be alright, you blended it.
The plastic will just pass through and out your ass to be flushed.
Ik asnof said dont ask
I thought I was having a stroke
Oh...fuck.
You should also send it to the girl who is "lampshade" - maybe she needs inspiration.
That's what we all told him when he was a sumbass and posted it all over ...
Some people are born with the stupid gene.
A friend of mine regularly uses habaneros in cooking, and recently tried some ghost peppers.
He said they were too hot.
If he can't take 'em, ain't no way I'm going near 'em.
Ghost peppers aren't food; they're chemical warfare.
Not really, that's slightly more useless than crying as an adult when scared.
All it does is make you a sitting duck for something that actually wants to hurt you.
Why would they eat her if there's cake?
I promise faithfully I will never ever modify stuff again I can't revert by myself using software.
We're all here for you, brother.
Just stay strong and carry on.
It'll be hard but if you try hard enough, you'll move on and find somebody new.
Every time I read a comment this poorly.
Haha when you put "grammar edit" you spelled "grammar" wrong haha
Man oh man, you guys play rough ;)
You better get back to Willy Wonka's factory...
cuz you're a jawbreaker.
Cliff notes : cars reported stolen only get salvaged titles if they received damages totaling more than the value of the car.
That didn't happen so the title remains clear.
, the decision to pursue charges was already decided.
That's the reason he was arrested in the first place.
When the police went to his house to retrieve the keys, car and talk to him, they asked me if I would like to press charges, I told them I did.
If I decided not to press charges, they would have released him.
There will be no need to talk to a prosecutor as this case isn't going to trail.
After denying that he stole the car for 2 days he finally admitted it.
He plead guilty and is now serving his time in county jail.
I dodged SEVERAL bullets through this whole deal.
I was lucky, so many things could have been way worse with the house, valuables missing, trashed car.
Glad things turned out the way they did.
fucked up I ever heard of
This has probably happened to every guy.
We all feel really bad about it.
But you gotta look at the bright side of things.
Break friend's jaw, get karma.
I suggest that you should stand near the back of the room when she arrives, and NEVER offer to hold the door for her.
or any female, for that matter, fuck 'dem bitches
I'm calling it, the "Don't play with ice" will substitute the old fire saying.
somehow i knew you would like that.
, you lucky bastard.
Also, move out now.
I don't care how much you like this girl, starting a relationship under the same roof is deadly.
Heed my words.
Pah fuck it.
Don't stress yourself out about it, the phrase isn't "shit happens" for no reason y'know.
Yeah it's horrible, but don't let it stop you going out and doing stuff in future!
Nobody who actually matters will care one little bit that you were ill that one time at a party.
Good luck with the depression problems.
It's not an easy thing to cope with, for sure.
It's important to get out and keep yourself occupied.
I notice there are(is) some(a) pieces(piece) of ice that are(is) taking abnormally long
This sentence fucked me up
, I once asked my friend if his butch, black father did gay porn.
He lol'd.
Yes, you are correct, I was charged a fee by the collection company, Euler Hermes.
I paid it because I just wanted to end the whole thing as soon as possible.
I'm debating whether it's worthwhile to talk to if for no other reason than to make sure it's clear on Google's end.
Thanks to everyone for your suggestions and commiserations!
Ohhh shit.
Was your friend angry as hell that he got banned?
you have gone outside to smoke?
What the HELL were they burning in that fire pit?
lol funny as shit.
Don't feel bad, it was a joke.
Yeah he was pissed, but he still doesn't know it was me that got him banned.
And "smoke pit" just means an outside area where people smoke, so we were outside, but there was too many people there to even move.
Haha, like I said, "smoke pit" just means an area where people go outside to smoke, but it was too crowded and I got sick from lack of Oxygen.
Yes even though it was outside.
I thought smoke pit was an actual pit facepalm
No no it's okay, I probably should have been more clear about it being outside.
So you just succumbed to the cigarette smoke for all these people at once.
Sucks man, take it as an omen and quit.
I quit a couple years ago using patches and electronic cigs, worth it imo
Yeah I really should, but it usually doesn't make me sick though.
Once in a blue moon I suppose.
But that's still no excuse.
If I'm out drinking with friends maybe Ill have one or two...
if I have more tho, its funny that I feel the craving MUCH more the next day...
damn nicotine, evil shit dude
Maybe 8 times.
I hate my self for smoking, but I love smoking.
It's a vicious circle bro...
For me it was mostly the stigma of smoking.
When I started smoking it was still being done on airplanes and restaurants had smoking sections (when I was your age rant /end)
Slowly but surely it's been ostracized and made a social taboo.
I got sick of the bad looks haha.
Oh, that and cancer..
there's always that pesky cancer.
Yeah since I am only 19, I started smoke about 2 years ago and it was (is) still considered a "bad thing".
My biggest pet peve is the people who feel the need to smoke because they think they will fit in better if they do.
I can't say that I wasn't peer pressured into smoking, but for me (I know this is said a lot) it's not a full-blown addiction.
I only smoke like 4-5 smokes a day.
Which is not a whole lot.
But still, I digress, I should probably quit soon.
And yeah that whole cancer situation is not ideal.
This might be one of the best things ever.
1Y5M3DAIFU!
(One Year, Five Months, Three Days Ago I Fucked Up!"
I was thinking the same thing when somebody posted it around reddit somewhere.
It's so simple, so stupid, yet so awesome.
Yea man, if you're not addicted then just quit now while you still can (semi) easily
Yeah, cold turkey is a bitch.
I have tried it before but it's haaarrrdd.
The electronic cigs are good too
Yeah I've tried them, I think I like them more for the comedic value.
They are so much fun.
But I can't seem to get a "fix" from them.
Maybe when I do get around to quitting I'll give them a go again.
Hehe yea they helped me anyway.
Good luck internet friend, enjoy it while it's still legal lol (not that they would ever make it illegal wit hthe amount of tax $ they are making)
As to you kind sir, and thank you for the inspiring words.
Good luck in all of your travels.
You should have known the danger, and taken extra precautions to avoid that stuff.
People never weigh the dangers.
Thank you for that very insightful comment into your psyche.
We eat them and love them so no danger to me.
Have you seen my posts?
that's the TAME stuff we do :P
Also - gotta love a well executed pun.
on not shitting your pants!
pleasant change of scenery, isn't it.
I fainted after a porn star shat herself on the OR table, and in fainting I hit my head on the floor giving my self a concussion.
You can believe whichever you choose (hint: one isn't true).
My guess is:
I fainted after a porn star shat herself on the OR table, and in fainting I hit my head on the floor giving my self nothing special.
I am at a loss for words..Well not really, just seems like it cuz i just know how to use a fuckn mute button
Haha I can't say I've seen the gw posts ;) thanks for the heads up, though!
Most of the TIFU posts involves abusing alcohol and/or shitting one's self, I'm beginning to think I walked into a high school lol.
I haven't seen any posts involving spaghetti.
a link would help?
Wow, that was a really nice hook for the story.
It makes the reader think, "Why would it be a problem that she fainted in the operating room?
OH SHE WAS OPERATING BETTER READ THIS"
Dat link.
Self defense, and a damn good one if it makes an attacker shit their pants!
yeah, not muting is bad, not hanging up is even worse...
Yeah, that was a reference to me...
My bad guys.
Yes, it's interesting indeed.
Story times?
Never too late, you know.
I have stopped becoming surprised at the number of people who randomly shit themselves on reddit.
I am starting to think that I must be not getting enough fiber or something because it hasn't happened to me yet.
That's just silly, If that happened to me I wouldn't be too alarmed.
When you consider at how many weddings the best man is the bride's brother, I honestly think this can and perhaps will work long term.
The tricky bit is how you break it to him.
As has been said several times, if he truly is your best friend, he would have noticed your affections for her, and his reaction will be one of "About fucking time dude."
And if everything goes tits up, just remember: Doesn't matter had sex.
Count yourself lucky my friend.
I haven't shit myself since I learned how to walk.
It is traumatizing.
Mine doesn't either.
Bad luck bro, whats the story?
(sorry I have no advice as I was sneaky enough to never get caught when I was under age)
Knight ?
I hope I got that right
" put shit in my pants!"
to make you feel less embarrassed.
In highschool during football practice in the middle of summer.
We were finishing practice and the stupid coach decided to give a long speech for whatever reason.
I got the "hurry the fuck up and get to a bathroom NOW" stomach rumble.
I was standing clinching my butt cheeks when the coach ordered me to kneel down.
Well when I did I thought I could let out a little relief fart.
liquid brown slush exploded out silently, filled my WHITE football pants.
I mut have turned white from the shock.
I took my shoulder pads off and jersey to hold it behind me to try and cover up.
The speech ended and I hi tailed it to the locker room.
The 50 or so yards later I hit the locker door and have to wait for the coach to unlock the door.
He gets close to me and says whoa what is that smell.
The asshole behind me (he also happened to be the kid everyone picked on) notices what happened and says damn someone must have took a nasty shit.
I stay silent and rush in.
No one could really tell because it looked like I have mud on my pants.
I rush to the shower take off my pants and liquid brown slush drops on the floor I rise off as quickly as possible but by my locker there were drops of slushy poop.
Coach comes over and says what is that.
Only thing I could think of saying was "I threw up a little".
I cant remember if I changed into my jeans or just walked home like that.
But I took my gear with me and cried all the way home.
this was during summer school so it wasn't really packed at school, and I didn't go back to practice for a week after that.
I went to my friends house the next day and a couple buddies that were on the team also had gone over.
They asked if I was going to practice and I couldn't even look them in the eye.
I said no.
They didn't ask questions just nodded and took off.
I think I took a week or two off, sucked it up and went back to practice.
Couple people heard about it and asked and I denied the whole thing.
So the rumors didn't really build up cuz it was in summer.
So for the OP.
People have really short attention spans now and most people at that party were probably drunk.
So most likely no one will remember and the ones that do just deny it to the end.
Its been 20 years since the incident and this is the first time I've ever mentioned it, since then.
No one in my family nows about it.
Dont be embarrassed people do dumb shit all the time.
Now I usually take an imodium before going out to party cuz i never want it to happen again to me.
I laughed so hard I started crying.
This is an epic story indeed.
I fell to the floor laughing at this post.
You have some true anal leakage, sir.
Re: your graphic: how the hell can you people tell what you're looking at?
It's all just red and white goo.
because accidents happen.
Mine does when you it's a preview of a self post from the main page and there are images in the self post.
I was not prepared for the images either but they're not that bad.
You are weak.
Over a decade of school dedicated to knowing how not to fuck up.
I gave a warning about the link.
I didn't think the post however, was NSFL.
I'm sorry if the picture bothered you however.
uhh, it wasn't that bad bro...
more funny.
I did it at work one day when I had no business being there (I was sick as a fucking dog).
Even though no one knew what happened, I know, and that's enough to just make me feel...weird and unclean.
Yeah exactly, just...
dirty...
your local IT people.
They should be able to tell you where that printer is located.
pour baking soda(the stuff in the orange armhammer box, you might have some in your pantry, fridge, or maybe laundry room) over the peed area.
it will dry and deoderize it.
You know what?
That was a touching story.
It's rare that a TIFU turns out so happily.
Upvote it is.
OH GOD WHY
I don't like surprising people, and I like even less being surprised.
For reasons like this.
Well of all the surprise parties I've thrown in my lifetime, I've never had anything bad happen to someone.
Except for this.
And one other time when a friend was acting in self-defense and punched someone in the face.
Fight-or-flight kicked in for him and he socked a guy right in the face.
He was fine though.
I love being surprised though.
I've only had one surprise party thrown for me, but it was awesome.
That's a bit complicated where I work unfortunately.
There are some politics that result in my boss refusing to pay the fees for IT support, so we are kind of on our own for everything.
Since it's a common resource I'm sure they know, but might tell me to piss off.
I'll try that though since it can't hurt.
you're probably right.
Maybe I will enjoy happy surprises now that I'm not crazy anymore.
jealous of your summer job, btw.
TIFU: I pooped myself during a surgery.
I got some on the patient too.
Close enough.
That thars the truth right thar
You could say she was gobsmacked...
In all seriousness I hope she has a speedy recovery
A girl can't put her head in your lap and expect you not to at least half-mast, that's ridiculous.
It's kind of funny to tag something NSFW, that you saw literally at work.
I guess NSFL is better, but it retrospect I find that funny.
Let me say this slowly.
Well maybe...
Can we get an update?
If anything has happened that is?
You're going to want to chop up a plastic frog and feed that to your family.
but at least I smell fresh!
Doesn't matter, got fresh.
The fuck did I just read?
Being a newly graduated surgical tech, i believe you.
Your one lucky person as is the patient.
I never passed out during a procedure came close to it though during a toe amputation when the periosteum was being lifted of the exposed bone.
The chills and the sweat i experienced was so bad, I sucked it up and willed myself to watch i wasn't going to hit the hit floor after only 3 days in the O.R.
I hit the floor, but not before i hit the free floating shelves and ended up being admitted for stitches and a concussion.
Best part was going back to get the stitches removed and knowing that i was the latest funny story floating around.
be trippin
This never happened.
No way a surgeon lets some
Kid with a summer job actually get involved on a surgical procedure.
They have PAs and nurses for that.
It wasn't even the gore that really bothered me.
I've seen far worst than rhinoplasties, I saw a guy who got hit in the face with a chainsaw it didn't faze me.
It just hit me all of a sudden, and I was on the floor in a cold sweat with the CNRA and a nurse above me.
That's just the stereotype, people all over north america have become much more tolerant, but there will always be those few who continue to hate other races/genders/sexualities.
It's the best I could find.
It's not exactly like the procedure was that being done that day.
you're seeing the nose with the top part pulled away to reveal the cartilage.
My job was just to hold a clamp on the bottom part of the nose between the nostrils and a kind of tool that pulled pack the top part above the bridge.
The surgeon then clips away the cartilage from the areas that need adjusting.
Here are a few more pictures that I like better: [here notice the top crowbar like thing used to retract the top]( ( and (
The technique varies by surgeon, and I can't find a good picture exactly like the one we did.
, you get the picture.
I found myself smiling more than I should have during amputations.
To me it was the coolest thing.
The only things that really made me cringe e was watching the adult circumcisions...it was like watching the peeling of a bloody sausage.
I would have given anything to scrub into our observe trauma cases.
Do you find yourself mentally correcting tv doctor shows, I know I do now, allot.
What, no spoiler?
I thought that was hilarious!
You funny!
If it makes you feel better my art teacher superglued both eyes shut because he mixed up the glue and eye drops.
Worse: It was the middle of a class full of horrid teenagers.
So when an emergency happens you immediately post about it on Reddit?
What the... Are you serious?
Was he OK?
How do even treat super glue in the eyes?
He kept them side by side on his desk and wasn't looking when he grabbed them and dropped them in really quick.
He was fine in the long run.
My mom is a retired nurse and said it is actually pretty common.
They use some sort of solvent I believe and it takes several days to break up.
He was lucky.
Well, I guess it's reassuring to know that if you get super glue in your eyes you're not totally screwed.
Also, I was really drunk once and thought I had a flashlight and sprayed shaving cream in my bed.
Not as bad but I was drunk and had to strip it and sleep without a blanket.
I know you said that smoke makes you sick but fuck man!
passing out that many times makes me think there was something else going on or at the very least you def should not smoke your self any more!
And sorry about your day, sounds seriously shitty.
You see, the issue with me is, when I pass out I'm out of commission for a good half an hour.
Not a word of a lie in this post.
And plus, it had to be 40+ degrees in that club.
Once again, not ideal.
Sucks to get downvoted for telling the truth but I'm with you on this one.
No fucking way they let people without the proper training, much less some kid who hasn't even started college scrub into theatre and start holding shit for surgeons.
Even if you don't actually have any responsibility they have laws related to who is allowed to do shit like that.
No one is taking an issue with that fact that OP fainted.
It's possible that experienced surgeons can faint for whatever reason, likely unrelated to the "gore" they are witnessing.
I seriously can't believe that there are this many people dumb enough to believe that they let someone who has just graduated from high school to assist in surgery.
TL;DR - OP is a lying bitch who took a slightly interesting story and embellished it while making himself look like a moron.
Source: Worked in a hospital for 5 years (in operating theaters where I WASN'T allowed to scrub in because I WASN'T qualified) and now studying medicine.
Why'd she be mean about it?
If I was in that situation, I'd probably respond with something more like "haha you know you're still on" or something less confrontational.
She sounds like a bitch.
"liquipoo"
reverse that.
more like 7402
Hahaha this is actually pretty funny.
Lucky for you OP, this will be something you look back and laugh at your own stupidity, it won't have any long term consequences that you need to fix
Notice that OP works in his uncle's practice and the surgeon was his uncle.
That might explain the rule bending.
SHE SAID NO POOP WAS INVOLVED!
(seriously, tho, tetanus shot)
downvoted for the dumb tl;dr
a good story doesnt need lying to get upvoted.
bring on the downvotes, like i care.
you sick bastard.
i'm picturing a lot of self-groping going on while looking for the keys.
i'm glad it all worked out on the same day though.
i agree, "wasn't the best part of my day" seems like a really mean thing to say to someone who is calling you 'flirty'.
depends on what OP exactly i guess, but i assume he was rather pleased with it (i.e.
a compliment) and not calling her a whore or anything.
Well technically there was poop involved...
(the dog's)
Dang this sucks.
(no poop was involved in the FU)
Oh, and the dog pooped inside b/c my husband didn't take her out.
I feel cheated.
That's her husband's FU
Last summer as an intern, we were given the option to tour the white house.
We had to fill out this form and email it back.
replied all and sent their SSN, etc.
to about 100 people.
fair enuogh if ttere are no other stalls and its urgent but would you think you fucked up if you hadn't been caught?
you should'nt feel like a dick...
just apologise and move on!
shit happens (sorry, couldn't resist the bad pun)
Get nipples pierced, attach keys in bra, problem solved.
did anything come of it?
That sounds painful.
Yeah that was an after thought.
that happened around 2am after everything had been resolved.
Still it was like the cherry on a crap sundae.
She probably isn't implying that she is not unfamiliar
I live in northern Japan, and I've been to a beach called shipwreck beach.
Was this perhaps, in Aomori prefecture?
guess she really isn't nice to everyone.
Thats where i realized i have FU
Not that I know of except another email being sent out saying not to reply all.
Like a good person I deleted the email and didn't steal his identity.
First world problems.
Just do it yourself.
My favorite TL: DR yet
cherry on a crap sundae
I'm going to use that.
Also, that kind of thing can happen to anybody.
I hope your foot feels better soon!
looks like the little liar just deleted everything when called out by only us 2 people.
That was easy!
Have an upvote haha
Hurray!
joke at my expense!
I demand updates!
I have made this account in your honor.
The password is TIFU
Too bad this comment will never get the recognition it deserves.
Maybe in 5 years they'll release it on DVD and it'll become a cult classic.
I thought the twist was going to be that the random object was the key.
I'm pretty sure you can ignore everybody.
There is no change of ownership, so the title should not be impacted.
company will brand a title once they become the owner, because they paid out the value to the actual owner after it wasn't recovered.
Not the case here.
No, It's not.
Not trying to pass judgement on OP, but usually when guys say a girl is being flirty, it's with a "She totally wants my dick, bro" kind of tone.
why were you taking naked pictures of yourself anyways?
As I said, I don't doubt he has a job in a hospital, and his uncle is probably an ENT surgeon, but that is about as far as the truth could go.
And the OP bitching out and deleting seems to suggest something wasn't really true.
ah, well, were that the case i'd have a little more understanding for her..
I once had a party at my apartment where everyone took X except me.
I worked construction so it was my whole crew plus our crew leader (boss).
One of my co workers ended up stealing our bosses truck to go get coke and didnt come back all night.
He even left his wife at the party wondering what was going on.
My boss eventually got his truck back and gave the guy a raise and bought him new tools because he felt that this guy just needed someone to give him a break in life.
I still crack up about that.
I wear boardshorts with pockets that velcro on the top.
Might want to consider one of those..
or one of these?
If you are in a position where your keys will be questionably placed.
Put them in the exhaust pipe/underside of your car where they are not visible even if you bend down and look under it.
Dude, losing one's keys (or locking them in the car/the house) is a normal thing.
Things escalated quickly though, I was glad the tide didn't claim your car too, because that's what I thought the story was building up to.
I'm sorry, but the only thing you should be disappointed in is being surrounded by people that react in the worst way possible in (minor) emergency situations.
That's a shitty support system right there, oh, you're having a bad day honey?
here, let me make it worse for you. Now you know that the easy fix would have been to keep calm and call the insurance company first.
Your mom, your husband, your friends, and especially your dog, took a totally acceptable minor issue and turned it into a full day of horribleness.
I live in and most people don't really give a crap.
Austin is still the biggest gay zone in the state though.
For my boyfriend
you must be an awesome gf :)
I do my best haha
nerds unite!
The important question is did you manage to pull out in time or are you going to post another TIFU in nine months?
I'm a loud puker.
I seem to always get sick on trips too.
So this exact thing has happened to me in two different states.
The worst of which was St.
Louis .
I was on a band trip in HS.
We rented charter busses.
The night before we had eaten at with a rookie on the line who served me up a pink burger.
I chowed down then noticed the pink when I was about 75% done.
So i figured "Fuck it, I've come this far" and ate the last 25%.
I boarded the charter bus and sat down.
2 hours into the drive I am writhing in my seat.
I'm dying, but I hate puking so much that I'll do anything to avoid it.
I waited probably another hour before asking for the trashcan.
I vomited horribly into it.
I then went to a gas station and shat profusely.
By that night when we got to the hotel, I knew I was about to endure one of the worst things I consider possible.
A double header.
So I sit on the commode, accepting my fate, with a trashcan in my hand, and procede to spew from both ends.
SWEET JESUS KILL ME (horf/shit) FUCKING HELL (horf/shit) WHY IN THE NAME OF ALL THAT IS (horf/shit).
You don't know true hell until you've done that terrible dance.
Fun epilogue: We went to fucking six flags.
If you've been to any bathroom in six flags, you're probably in the same room I was in 10 years ago shitting my guts off because I hit them all.
I did not leave a single bathroom unshat.
I DID however ride the Batman.
A bucketlist item (because I'm a huge fucking batman fan.
It was during a rare un nauseated moment.
When I got back I decided that life was too short to wait for marriage, and boned my long term girlfriend for the first time.
It was altogether a harrowing experience.
I managed to pull out in time.
That was my top priority
What's sea glass?
I had mine done twice, and really it's NOT that painful.
And as long as it's just the one key, not the ENTIRE keychain, it really wouldn't be so bad
Best.
Reply.
That sounds truly horrific, but I must ask, what the fuck is six flags?
" do save people"
And for the record, it's probably better to go to your parents now and be honest and up front about it.
I'm touched, I always wondered what would happen if the person who is being forced into marriage and they disagree with it, like run away or something.
Hope you find your way through!
What is the point if she ran again?
That's why you never pull out.
What was the aftermath, OP?
And thats how they discovered they like rough sex.
You can't be surprised though, OP.
The beach's name was a fair warning.
No idea.
Can't really make any other statements about the whole situation with knowing that little :)
Your boyfriend is lying to you.
I'm not surprised.
Just hurt.
Don't they have a name for this?
Like you punch a girl in the nose and cum on her or something like that?
Many years ago (maybe like 50 or so) there were tons of glass from cola bottles and such dumped into the ocean.
Over the course of time the ocean and sea bed smoothed out these sharp shards of glass.
In the end they're usually no bigger than a half dollar, very smooth, pretty and a bit opaque in color.
I will do that if the situation calls for it again.
I also plan on having zipped pocketed shorts or something.
Saying it's not that bad is the same as saying it's not that good.
I'm thinking if in a week it still hurts I'll make an appointment.
I wish.
I really really wish.
At some point I took off my top and jiggled around hoping it was just stuck under a boob or on the side of my bra.
It's a good thing no one was around b/c I looked ridiculous.
beach, beach claimed your ship, rather key.
Thus rendering your ship useless.
JK hope you're feeling better.
Did your husband try to sympathize at all or is he still pissed?
He has to know you didn't intend any of this..
You've heard of a Kiss, right?
This is a Shag.
S'just how we do.
Just so you know bro, pull out is a terrible method of contraception.
Sounds right.
Don't want to google because I will either be grossed out or hungry
He was angry for about an hour, then just unhappy with my actions and the course of events.
He's forgiven me now.
im 28 and no kids yet
[" warning she gave it a swift headbutt, because (wo)men liked that.
All (wo)men liked that."](
edited for girlfriend
tells me it has a failure rate of 15-28% per year.
lower than I thought, but there you go.
She is also on birth control
At least you didn't shit yourself or anything.
TIFU: I shat myself during sex.
While having sex with my girlfriend, I was on top, I was pulling out to finish and my girlfriend was coming towards me to kiss me.
My one hand slipped and my head fell forward, resulting in my ass smashing into her nose...
so much poop everywhere...
and a broken sphincter.
TL;DR I headbutted girlfriends nose While having sex and lost it.
It was pretty straight forward.
Once I mixed up my deodarant with hairspray.
I sprayed both pits before I realized too.
Why not both?
Always have...
just not that rough
I make her wear a face mask from now on
people, use or another legit site.
yeah you might not get sex on date 1, but you are way less likely to get an STD.
AKA Jelly Donut
Then why pull out at all?
ive done this haha.
except no broken nose.
plus my ex had a plate in her head from surgery..so yeah i almost headbutted her hard enough to make her black out.
go me.
nothing to do with safety.
Just a Bill fantasy
Donkey Punch?
Damn, I wish I could cough and come early.
That's what I would have said 9 months ago...
Been there brother.
You'll both laugh about it soon enough
Cause it drips and seeps back out over the course of minutes/hours.
Most girls don't like those feels
From Urban "The action in which the male ejaculates on his partner's face, and then the male punches his partner's nose, which causes blood to stream forth.
The semen and blood fluids create a red and white image, just like the icing and filling of a strawberry shortcake." So ya, about right.
I liked the other definition better, though.
"A dessert consisting usually of a small yellow cake covered with strawberrys and icing.
I had after dinner tonight.
And then I fucked your mom."
Fair point.
Snail trails aren't for everybody.
And that kids, is why you always leave a note
Snort.
That made me giggle.
Is it wrong that this is almost what I was expecting?
Gives a whole new meaning to the phrase "I gave her head"
This is a great story.
I read it with the edit though, so for me it was not really a tifu story.
I think there's a market for a new novelty account.
TIFU-poop.
Of all the times I've said "this is the weirdest thing I've seen on the internet," this is the weirdest thing I have EVER seen on the internet, and I used to be a 4chan regular.
What the fucking fuck dude.
I can't even like...WHY
My ex once dropped the shampoo in the shower, we both went to pick it up but she was faster...
also with coming back up.
She broke my nose and my blood actually hit the ceiling.
Wasn't that supposedly the cover of 's "Load" album.
This is the second time I've seen this.
It's worse than I remembered.
Not supposedly.
The name of the artwork is called Blood and Semen.
I am drunk in a park laughing just so hard at this.
I'm glad this girl's drunken stupidity is amusing.
What, wasn't sharing with the room enough?
And that failure rate is probably due to people not ACTUALLY pulling out.
Not that I use that method or advocate it, but yeah.
I must be lucky, my g/f LOVES when I cum inside her.
did i write it too weird?
Never bothered to look into it, semen and haven't been huge interests in my life.
I guess you missed the part where i was in the waiting room, but no problem, i understand you cant read, and i dont hold it against you.
Have an awesome day =D
I volunteer to double check your breasts for keys if you feel it is needed
At least 3/4 of the "shit themselves" stories have to be fake and added for a karmik effect
Thank you, but I've already had a key made by the locksmith who drove out there.
I suppose...
...it wasn't that en-'deer'-ing?
good god please don't snort a snail trail
Precum, man.
out is a dumb method to depend on.
for over five months and still using, "lol".
Yous brave, son.
Well, too bad cause I'm bringing it to you.
oh deer!
You don't really understand how penises and the male reproductive system in general work, do you?
Hah, that reminds me of that video of a girl snorting cum.
, you crazy
Some guys have...leakage.
some level of ejaculation (or, literally, leakage) without orgasm.
You wouldn't even know if it happened since you can't see.
...Aaand now I'm gagging a bit.
The study that article (by the way, seriously, a fucking yahoo voices blog?) is based on used a very, very, very small set of men.
A more widely-based study done in 2011 contradicted it, finding numerous exceptions.
It has not yet been resolved, but the point is: pulling out isn't birth control - it's playing with the birthdates of your future children.
read the tl;dr, and had to read the post
look on the bright side, you gave that kid an amazing story to tell when he is older and posting on while high
It may suck, but it has worked for me.
Or ignore me if that didn't make any sense.
I'm guessing bambi () , ( )- , () didn't follow mamma's 'deer-ections'?
LOL, , LOL!!@!
por que no mas dos??!!
That was necessary.
i think its the "silence of the lambs" turn on...
either way i wouldnt let her blow me...
im so fucking horny now... i mean...
uhh...
What the fuck is that shit?!
I don't blame you.
Still pretty scary!
To be fair, crashing in a deer could have killed you and your family too.
i didn't pick up any, "...I got the locks on my car changed..." , so there is a thin chance that your fuck up domino effect has not toppled the last domino yet.
What if the keys are found by someone in your neighbourhood, who happened to have found your keys washed up at the beach, and he/she manages to track, that its of your car.
Better change the locks lady, to stop the domino of fuck ups!!
not sure why, but 'others shitting' is purple for me.
burn!
CUNTry
that beach is about an hour away (more if you're not speeding, less if you're going at least 20-30 kilometers over).
My car is extremely common and I live in a very secure, heavily guarded area.
Well, all I can say is, you'hv been warned! There are conmen on reddit as well you know, and a local man/woman, by now, would have understood where you live ...
I am just saying :)
Thanks for the warning.
Even if they do figure out where I live I doubt they could get to me or the car.
I'm so secure about where I live I rarely ever lock my door.
It's that safe.
Does Momma Bear have a retard child?
you might have fucked up, but you're a keeper, for this sentence:
I'd like to blame Google, but I did set up the account and then forgot about it.
I'd like to blame my husband for not noticing the charge.
But in the end it's my own fault and I have to acknowledge that.
Sounds like you live in a japanese fort knox!
Good, I am glad for you!
lucky I checked the 'etc, etc...' link.
I know exactly what you mean and that's what led me to question the relationship from the start, I guess it means I should move on.
And I am.
Deer-caused fatalities are pretty high.
I know this seems like I'm trolling, but I'm seriously not.
Wait...mentioning that I'm not trolling makes me seem like I'm trolling...shit!
And my night is made.
I always finish
You had me until, "She's leaving for college..."
This was bound to happen.
One of the many women you're going to meet might turn out to be your dream girl, but trust me she wasn't the one.
We...shall see.
awaiting answer.
I'm the guy who pulls out even if im wearing a condom...and if the girl is on birth control...no babies for me!
I'm thinking more "Friday the 13th" but whatevs...
I laughed, but I recognize that the situation was bad.
Though I won't take the shot, I'll enjoy myself watching from the sidelines.
TIL that TIFU is full of homosexual men and/or straight women.
The funny thing is, that's not even the video I was thinking of!
The coke-style line is great though.
I think anyone's drunken stupidity is amusing.
I assume you won...
If I ever find your keys, I'll be sure to tell you :)
Oh wow lol.
I figured this gif is what you were thinking of.
I remember it being posted here on Reddit a few months back.
No, I don't.
I work with children, including those with special needs.
for it...just been waiting for it.
So confused?!
A troll or not a troll?
That is the question.
Yeah I'd never seen this one before.
The one I saw was of a chick snorting cum out of a shot glass with a straw.
It sounded...gurgley.
lol I swear I'm not trolling, deers are dangerous to motorists.
Best TIFU title ever.
The intelligence briefings I got on this claim are completely credible.
Even the tested going fast vs.
slow against a deer.
It's something similar to that, minus the copious amounts of gold.
That sounds good to me!
If deer were less sexy, they'd be less distracting to drivers.
This is not a TIFU this is freaking awesome
New subreddit?
TIDSA -
Today I Did
What was the aftermath of the situation??
There are no better porn films to star in, and she's gotta make a living somehow.
IIRC she really wanted to be a proper, non-pornographic actress but that's difficult at the best of times.
Very few pornstars have it as their first career choice.
It's ME $herm1e!
OP's gf will deliver.
You are awesome!
Faith in humanity restored.
That's some serious cop out.
I'm not buying it.
At some point you need to take responsibility for your own actions.
If it's not a big enough deal to her to abstain from such "degrading films" it's not a big enough deal for me to give 2 shits about.
FFS.
This is .
If you don't want to be a pornographic actress there are a million and 1 other jobs you can do.
what is the point of coddling and treating people with kid gloves their entire life?
Talk about first world problems.
I suppose he didn't take the time...
...to fawn over the incident?
Could animal shelter detain me...() , ( )- , ()...for 'doe'-mestic violence?
all I'm going to say.
Well, be happy you didn't get a job there.
From what I understand your boss has no sense of Reddit or humor, two major problems right there.
Nope, the initial seminal discharge upon excitement can also contain a few stray sperms.
, if you depend only on pulling out as a contraceptive, you're tightrope walking without a safety net.
This guy cannot catch a fucking break
At least you know she really really loves if she still wants to marry you.
yeah that kinda stood out for me too, well op wtf?
YEEEAAAHHH-
that's what they're called.
I'd spend my life savings on him
A true :D My cats are reasons I live.
Since you replied so far after the fact, I'll go ahead and give you an update.
I talked with my co worker about the whole thing.
He actually took it way better than I thought he would.
He appreciated that I told him the truth after the fact.
I told him that I would still really like to work with him on the sale.
And we made it.
Happy client, happy us, and my head can hit the pillow with a clear conscience.
I used Adam West
That'sthejoke.png
Doesn't matter; got boob
you got yourself one hell of a woman
This is screenplay fodder.
, think Vince Vaughn or Ben (showing my age; you could also make the protagonist a total schlub and cast Jonah Hill).
It just needs a dumb bro-ish sidekick who won't grow up but eventually ends up being the most insightful character...
Who in the end hooks up with your fiancee's hot sister.
Like anyone would want to R her.
Wrong subreddit:
Does she look like
ugh, I think ima start carrying an extra pair of briefs just in case.
Haha, one flaw in that: She doesn't have a hot sister, only a meathead step brother, and the only half douchy chick I know is a full blown lesbian.
, I do know a couple of dudes that fit that description, one of them being my best friend.
For anyone curious about the aftermath of the condom incident, it's pretty much just a joke between her mom, her and myself now.
The tension from before is pretty much gone but her mom still refuses to sit in my front seat.
And flour is WAYYY better then sugar.
Much more energy.
me of the movie, "Meet the "
Are you a pot smoker focker?
As a matter of fact, nope.
Used to be a heroin addict.
Kicked that though and now I'm sober.
you're in japan and dont have a cell phone?
Zach would somehow be funnier.
I did something similar.
Please don't ever stop posting.
is your girlfriend that ugly?
thats one of the more difficult situations to deal with.
you scared that this would become a regular thing?
I'm always trying to teach my kids about taking responsibility for their mistakes, so I've got to do it too.
It is painful, however.
, as in now I forever have to live w/ this disgusting memory imprinted on my brain
Only if he came after the fact.
No, I'm female myself, and it takes me awhile.
Ah, I have(ish) your car's better-endowed cousin, the .
I know exactly what you mean by the gas pedal, with the added twist that it's either all or nothing.
I disagree, story is great by itself.
I think it would be better to go the "Meet the " route and have the main character grow up and stand up for himself.
Keep it up!
Ewww
i feel like i offended you.
but understood
yeah i have one of those...arrgh thought about it now.
damn you birdsandbows, you opened that box i kept it in :P
No problem, I guess I would've been offended if I actually had a really ugly girlfriend!
It's a bad idea to approach an injured deer.
Their toes will cut you up if they start kicking...
If you have to approach one that you think is dead, approach from the back and give it a little kick, just a little one.
Deer are scary.
Ok we can work with that.
The meathead step brother turns out to be not such a horrible guy and you guys have a moment.
Is there another tifu post that im missing ?
Anyway, it probabbly took double the nuts to go back to tell him that you lied to him.
You fine sir, are a man of character.
Way to turn a tifu into a tifutmia (today i fucked up and then made it awesome)
So your soon to be father-in-law let you borrow a car that cost $740,000?
And somehow you managed to hit him in the gut with a car thats hood level is below waist level on most people(which places the bumper around knee height)?
I'm calling shenanigans.
Now to ask about the more important stuff, how much HP and torque did the have?
The GT has 620 HP stock so you must have been driving a freaking monster.
jesus OP...
buy a lottery a ticket.
I have you tagged as "keeps fucking up with gf's parents"
WHY WOULD YOU TELL YOUR FRIEND?!
You don't have to.
I believe the borrowing expensive car bit, that wouldn't surprise me.
But your second point hit the nail on the head.
What was he doing on his knees in the garage??
Ooh, yes!
His depth as an actor hasn't been explored in straight-up comedy, so I bet he could pull it off pretty well.
I would also go see this movie.
Yeah, this.
This is a pretty good test for those two and if they're still intact after he embarrassed the shit out of both of them then that's great.
Upvote for the same car, except mines a '96.
Pretty decent car though :)
I hope she's okay.
You misspelled "foot" in your 4am haze.
I'll give you the joy of finding it ;)
I always wondered what would happen if you actually did strenuous exercise after donating.
I'm sorry you feel so awful, but now you know, and I know :).
You should call a blood clinic and ask them what you should do, if nothing helps.
and then he is gonna invite you and your friends to join his wolfpack.
I'm better now :-) I ate a bunch of food, drank a bunch of water, and went back inside out of the heat.
I will be spending the rest of the day sitting at my desk while I'm at work, and then laying in bed watching /reading when I go home.
I think my body overreacts when donating blood.
From now on, I'll only donate if I have absolutely nothing to do the rest of the day except lay in bed watching .
Your friends know it was you.
Are you in the south or somewhere very religious where premarital is heavily frowned upon?
Its kinda the norm around here.
Wrong sir, unless they are talking about me behind my back they would have destroyed my world by now.
I do now.
It looks like...
...the buck stops here?
Sorry OP, but I'm going to have to call BS unless I see proof of the car.
That's an extremely expensive/rare car, it's not just some or something.
To say this car is "pretty damn quick" is also a pretty damn big understatement, this car has an estimated top speed of 250mph!!!
I know I would have already took multiple pictures of it, especially after getting to drive it!
That's one hell of a machine, so getting a pic should be no problem or even awkward to do, I imagine people take pics of it fairly often actually..
I just can't imagine this guy (angry, ex-Navy seal and probably a millionaire) giving anyone the keys like that.
And if this guy has so much money, then why is he driving a fairly cheap, used Honda motorcycle?
I mean it's a nice bike, but we're talking two different leagues here (half million vs $20k).
just doesn't add up..
I posted the same thing.
No way this happened.
And if it did, it was probably only a or something significantly cheaper.
Even then, the height doesn't add up.
Hey Farva, what's the name of that restaurant you like with all the goofy shit on the walls?
the difference of putting condoms and used condoms in the car..
You are a massive fuck-up, and I envy you in ways you will never know.
way to go, got the literal BEST possible outcome out of this situation, have an upvote
just ouch
We all make mistakes, let's move past this.
wow, that sucks, ive never donated but i saw a very short girl i know give blood and then stand up and immediately pass out.
she fell into the table and knocked out 3 teeth.
i dont think she will donate again
Do you own a sock?
You'll be ok.
good idea lol and what school still uses uniforms?
hot wings...
mmm...
also thats fucking terrible for your mom, is she ok now?
I thought perfectwreck was subtly pointing out that OP's story sounds exactly like "Meet The ."
I'm going to be THAT weird kid for a moment...
If that works with girls and sucking the rooster...
Does it work with guys and dealing with awkward smells??
schools in , and most public schools in the UK.
/ schools
Not sure if its so subtle.
Meet the is like a lot of people's stories of meeting the parents of their SO.
You're officially labeled as 'Bambi Killer.'
Well, it sounded to me like perfectwreck was faking enthusiasm for the idea of OP's story being made into a screenplay, then faux-obliviously outlining the plot of "Meet the ".
I might be misinterpreting perfectwreck's post, but the level of subtlety wasn't the main thrust of my reply.
He does have the bitchin car though.
Like I said, I typed it up at about 4am dead tired, I probably fucked some of it up.
I'm sorry that I made you doubt me.
Will you forgive me if I put an edit in the op?
This should be fun then.
They are originally from New I think.
I will ask and get you an update.
Some small town in the "bible belt" region.
I haven't read the other comments so I don't know if it's been said yet or not but...
It isn't your fault.
More than likely, one day wouldn't have made anything any better for him.
I'm sure he's in good hands with his doctor and things will be fine.
:) I hope you can forgive yourself.
Next time I visit I'll take pictures with a paper of my reddit username and such to verify for ya.
I can't be certain when that will be, but I have your comment saved.
As for the bike, it's one that he had liked for a long while, regardless of its age and price tags.
I can't say I'm too upset though, I don't think I can handle a car like that since what I'm used to is a lot different.
I'm sorry if you're skeptical, I would be too if it happened to anyone else, but as soon as I can I will verify this post.
I've work pieces of my uniform (when I went to high school) inside out, missed out on wearing underwear, and even forgetting those special things that girls need for that...
ahem...
special time of the month.
Sleep more.
Oh, they heard it alright.
I'm an but wouldn't it only make sense if people were passionate about their religions?
If I believed that I had the key to salvation and my spouse was going to be burning in hell, I would be pretty passionate about changing their minds.
They heard it.
They know
this for the first time today.
It's been 15 days.
There are hyphens everywhere in the title.
I don't think you guys understand...He was being SARCASTIC...
That may be true, but you guys and gals reap the profits of my failures.
I'm actually considering writing a screenplay about the events and I will extrapolate based on past events to the wedding and honeymoon.
Where should I post it afterward?
I'll buy you a drink/smoke.
It's the least I can do for the laughs you've given me.
I like these boob-related TIFUs.
I'd hit you up but I don't do either anymore.
I'll gladly take a good ole round of Mario Kart :D
You fucked up your post title too, now my work here is done...Capt up up and awaaay
I have found your error that caused you to be late.
"So there I was, sipping away at my cappucino, and browsing reddit."
3rd grade..had to sneeze one time.
i sneezed, lots of phlegm came out..and came back and smacked me in the face.
Every school.
atleast you aren't the guy who peter north'ed himself.
is your name Focker?
Sounds like your fear of this man subconciously manifested as attempted murder.
Not a freudian psychologist.
I never thought of it that way.
I may need to rethink the entire event then.
Only if it's the N64 version!
some public schools do
I think there is a creative writing subreddit.
Mmm yesh mosht shertainly mmm yesh I do say old chap i second that ammendment mm yessshh shenanigans indeed mmm yeessh
Pfft is there any other worthy of such an occasion?
happened to me recently too, except we went to the bar.
this makes me feel better, actually.
I thought you asked her to pose with you girlfriend for a second there.
Try that instead.
It puts the lotion on it's skin or else it gets the hose again!
WOW, I am still laughing.
In Tears.
Your TIFU made my day.
Today, Done Fucked Up
It's not so bad, to put things in perspective just remind her that there are MUCH worse places to pluck or stick personal items.
If you respect your partner enough to say they're big kids and can make their own decisions, not really.
My boyfriend respects that I choose not to believe in anything.
But like I said, they believe some pretty serious stuff.
It's not like differing views on , or Sports Teams.
This is dealing with where you're going to go after you die.
Let me put it into perspective.
If you knew that your boyfriend would be tortured by someone who was planning to kidnap him from your house in a week, would you do anything to stop it?
(Most) religious people literally believe that people who don't believe (or commit sins) will be condemned to hell for all eternity.
Of course they're wrong, but how can you blame them for not trying to convert you?
I didn't want to start an argument :( I guess such big controversial topics like this can break relationships if there isn't mutual respect for the other's beliefs or non-beliefs.
I did this once before, I didn't notice my cat wasn't well because I wasn't home all day.
I'm too lazy to retype it all so I'm just going to repost what I've typed before from my IAMA.
Cheap cat food can be very dangerous especially if your cat isn't drinking enough water.
He started urinating blood at that point.
I stayed up with him all night until I could find a vet at 7 in the morning who would take a down payment and a payment plan, not an easy thing to do especially in this economy.
I finally found one and they took him in immediately because he was 'open mouth breathing', that's not normal for cats and can signal serious problems.
In the end it turns out he had developed a stones in his bladder that he couldn't pass and they became stuck in his urethra causing a block and internal bleeding.
The vet said if i hadn't have gotten him there with in the hour there was a very real possibility of his bladder rupturing.
to the vet, this was all caused by cheap cat food (low quality) and not enough water.
After 3 days at the vet, a $1,600 vet bill and new prescription cat food he was fine but that was a very scary thing to go though for him and myself.
My cat now only eats Blue cat food, is a healthy weight and I have never had any medical problems with him.
$18 a month isn't bad.
If you're ever in a situation like that, here's a few tips, if you can.
Go from the bottom up.
You'll need some kind of safety pin [or paperclip, or a bunch of folded out staples, or a copper wire..].
This will help more than putting the shirt underneath, especially if your point is to provide a bra-like support and not just cover it up/sweat to death.
this gets harder as you get bigger, and this advice is assuming you don't have 38DD or something.
But there's always a solution around the corner if you're prepared.
I just got back from Italy on Monday.
The itinerary was to fly from to , then from to San .
The flight to got delayed, which made me miss the flight back to San .
Tried to get a flight back to San Fran that night, but we had to wait 24 hours for another open flight.
Ended up staying in for the day.
So it came time to fly back to San Fran and while we were boarding the tail of the plane started smoking and there was oil burning in the back of the plane.
me another hour or so while they fixed the problem.
All in all, I got home about 30 hours after originally scheduled to.
TL;DR: Don't fly United
By the laws that are the bro code, you are now obligated to marry her.
ah ok, well ive never seen anybody who goes to a school with a uniform, i bet it majorly sucks
...the scary part is that there is some resemblance...
Not quite every school.
(and probably too) FTW.
Might want to quit drinking coffee and get on this here plane, it's leaving in about a minute."
I think I had done what you did, but I got external help.
Hope you find a way to get where you're headed quick.
If flaming debris landed on their roof, did it go out or catch the roof on fire?
"No baby, I swear.
I just think her dowdy plainness would highlight how beautiful you are.
I just want people to see what I see."
Word of advice.
Never mention you go on or any other nudie place ever.
No matter how cool or chill you think your girl is it's going to make her (if only .01%) insecure.
That's the road to making her doubt her physical attractiveness and your attraction to her.
If you're going around porn sites is it b/c she's not enough?
And that's how you get a really insecure, needy girlfriend.
it's better to just shut your mouth and never share that information ever with her.
In high school I'd sometimes wake up too late and nearly miss the bus.
I'd throw on some jeans and a hoodie.
I often forgot a to wear a shirt and a bra.
sometimes it was just the bra I forgot.
As did I.
You would get loads of karma
Those aren't uniforms per ce more like dress codes.
Ex.
are more mandatory and all look the same.
You can even buy them from the school or from a particular place.
These dress codes are more like you must wear Khakis, black shoes, and a red shirt or blue shirt.
the shade of blues, reds and Khakis doesn't matter and your shoes could be sneakers or dress shoes so long as they're black.
This doesn't make sense.
You thought you were a dead man because of something her father had already known about for a while?
yea i wore a strict uniform in high school, we had to purchase it from the school.
i went to a state funded tech school, but they are starting strict uniforms in inner city schools because it "creates a more appropriate learning environment"
do scumbag bladder.
My dad, brother and I were visiting family once and we had rented a car.
We had gone to eat lunch before we got to their house.
In the restaurant we could see our car from the window and a few minutes later we saw 4 older people getting into our car.
My dad got up and ran out of the restaurant yelling and them.
He scared the hell out of the old people and everybody felt kind of bad.
Their car was the exact same and 4 or 5 cars down.
It sounds like you fucked up before she caught you by using someone else's hygienic product.
Go buy your own, they're like two dollars or something.
He's cheating on you.
If you have one of those stretchy bandages that are used for knees, provided you're not too large and the bandage isn't too small, you can wrap it several times around your chest.
Go from the bottom up.
Don't make a habit of doing this, it can damage your breast tissue.
No, I wouldn't try it for an extended time.
Just if you didn't have a bra and really needed one.
[If youre a guy just man up and do the manly thing...use a pair of pliers or needlenose.](
I'll just leave this here...
proof is needed for and...
ahem...
further experimentation...
I can see where you're coming from, but I disagree.
I understand that most men look at porn, and I'm ok with that.
It doesn't make me wish I looked like the girls in porn, or question whether a guy is satisfied with me.
The only thing that a boyfriend has done that made me question whether I was "enough" for him sexually was when he started having inappropriate conversations with other women.
women online?
Pff, whatever, knock yourself the fuck out.
The lady down the street?
Not ok.
R/ is just a gateway sub to , we all know it
for the TL;DR alone.
And this TIFU isn't about you.
It's about OP telling some other woman who was present while with his GF that she should submit to GW.
It's all fun and games until he'd rather watch some random girl get jizzed on than you.
lol your girl got uptight about that?
sorry mang.
Omg this is exactly my life but I'd be the little sister in the story haha!
I..I still see no error in this..
I once flew United from London to ..
Or, and this is just a random thought...
maybe you could date someone who's not an insecure child?
Sorry, but if she can't accept "I'm sorry, it was a bad joke" then she's not adult enough to be married.
Long term relationships are full of moments like these and how you handle them will ultimately decide whether that relationship fails or succeeds.
You forgive little shit like bad jokes and forgotten chores because your partner means more to you than your ego.
Nor does this mean that you have to be a doormat to be in a lasting relationship.
It means that you understand that both of you fuck up sometimes, both of you are human and both of you love the other person in spite of their fuckups.
Sorry OP, but if she (or anyone else you're considering giving a ring to) can't realize that shit happens, it's setting you both up for failure.
You need to get a grip on yourself and date better choice in women if you reply with a "yet" to a girl who's not really that much of an anomaly.
right now, it looks as though you're doing this: "OH YOU HAVEN'T FELT BAD ABOUT THIS X THING?
HAHAHA IT'LL EVENTUALLY HAPPEN!"
Please realize who in your life is making you that negative, then fix it.
this attitude in relationships or about them is actually anti-communicative, which the folks at would love to discuss.
People are different, not everybody gets bothered by that.
Please refrain from posting your opinion in such a factual manner.
You uhh...
You gonna explain that one?
Did you exterminate an entire population?
Cause the end of the world?
Suck the Earth through a massive black hole?
Thank you for understanding the difference between fantasy and reality.
Porn is no more "real" or "substitute sex" for the majority of guys I've known than elves or cyborgs are for the rest of us.
It's immersive and fun, sure, but it's fantasy and thus (usually, anyway :P) divorced from what they do in real life.
well I can see why someone might be unwilling to trust a guy with a less than sterling honesty policy.
My man looks at porn.
I look at porn.
Maybe we will even look at it together one day.
Our relationship is honest and secure.
It's the other way round, my friend.
Only a girl who's already insecure about herself is going to worry about this.
Better to find out now and either decide to live with it, or pull the pin, if she's one of these.
Uhhmmm..
I'm really sorry to do this to you, but..
It's nearly 2 am here...
I don't mean to attack you, but I genuinely cannot comprehend this view.
Can you please explain to me why you feel belittled by a man watching porn?
There's no way to avoid sounding condescending in this, but essentially that seems like a very childish viewpoint to me.
Oh, I completely disagree.
I'm female, and I look at porn.
I'm not going to get insecure if my boyfriend tells me he looks at porn - I'll get insecure if he tells me that I should look like x name of woman doing porn.
I don't look at porn because "my boyfriend's not enough for me," or whatever crap like that.
I look at it because it's porn, and I can.
Pretty!
Whoah...
Take a step back.
I do not feel belittled or threatened by a man OR A WOMAN watching pornography.
You food analogy would work if it involved him only ever eating outside food and never wanting to eat any food you cook ever.
It would be like him saying to his friend I'd love to eat your lasagna while his girlfriend was there (and he never wants to eat anything she cooks).
How do you think that would make her feel?
A lot of women do this cuz its a weird feeling and clenching ur muscles is a natural reaction to it :P
No, i think he started writing a sequel to 50 shades of grey.
Well I don't date children.
That's illegal.
OP's girl might have overreacted but in that situation it comes off as if he was admitting he fancies that friend.
Though that, book is it?
That book has been popping up around me lately.
What is it.
It's not always the guy that needs to be worried about ,but the other woman.
I will post my opinions in manner I choose.
Deal with it.
Or don't.
I don't care either way.
It's a crappy(and horribly inaccurate) bdsm erotica that started out as a twilight fanfiction.
and teenage girls fucking love it.
(no words)
i wonder about our species...
There's a reason I dislike associating myself with the humans...
You can fix a toaster, you can't "fix" a person.
That is the wrong attitude to have about people in general.
I also don't care about what the "folks at " would like to discuss.
There are things best left unsaid.
Which of his/her friends he finds attractive, toilet habits, and sometimes weird dreams.
It's not necessarily helpful for a relationship.
I don't want to know how my SO wipes his rear end.
She didn't need to hear that slip up.
It only leads to angry arguments or disgust.
In a relationship , marriage included, it's sometimes good to have little, harmless secrets and time to yourself.
it's about not over sharing.
How can I?
You got my name wrong...
it's nova :
I find it impossible to live with someone who's incredibly insecure and needy.
I have a buddy who married that type of girl.
She constantly needed attention and to be reassured.
She craved so badly she always dressed promiscuously (in order to illicit attention from anybody) and ended up cheating on him with five different men.
He wasn't a bad husband.
He spend as much time as possible with her alone and with friends.
He supported everything she pursued.
His attention,love, and affection wasn't enough for her.
Now they're getting divorced.
Well then, I'm glad you didn't burn down their house.
It's not about the porn.
It's about when the person gives preference to the porn rather than that person's partner.
You watch porn.
So do millions of others.
It's when you start making comments to your BF that he should to that or look more like a particular porn actor.
It's those kinds of comments that are detrimental to a relationship.
Never compare a loved one to someone else.
It's horrifically mean.
We're all children though...
can you really blame them?
That would be between those two people.
It's their relationship.
If they'd rather masturbate separately than have intercourse with each other, it's their call.
There are intimate things that should be discussed with a partner/spouse including bedroom fantasies.
That's not the same thing as saying Hey I think your friend is really hot.
That's where things get uncomfortable.
everyone eats shit then dies.
I make no bother to like what I do not.
I just think it's bad advice - "Never mention you go on or any other nudie place ever"?
I don't think lies and deception are a good basis for a trusting adult relationship.
Would the reaction be better when she randomly stumbles across it, not knowing that you're into porn?
Better to be up front from the start.
I was sure mamma...() , ( )- , ()...would kick my "deer"rier
Do you masturbate to elves and cyborgs, or did I misread?
, porn skews the way you see women.
It are fact, I know from my learnings.
What bothers me more is that he says that he hit him in the gut.
In a supercar.
like the (and any of its aftermarket models) probably come up to the average man's knees.
So unless this ex-Navy Seal has really let himself go, his "gut" shouldn't be anywhere near the height of the car.
edit: Didn't see the update.
New question though, where do they live where you can justifiably own a supercar and a motorcycle with no other cars to drive in shitty weather?
If you can fix a dog, you can fix a person.
And trust me, there are some people that just need to be fixed.
You again!
Stop it.
Dozens of them, actually.
TIL people still use "dowdy." !
Heart-wrenching.
I'm so sorry, and I wish you the best in trying to fix your mistake.
Yeesh, that was insensitive, but not purposely...
But, do him the favor of reading the story.
When you "fix" a dog you're getting it sterilizing it's reproductive organs.
That's not the kind of "fix' that was being discussed.
Those aren't lies.
It's simply omission.
If she asked and he denied, then he lied.
Even mature relationships still benefit from discretion.
I think its some sort of anti-confession.
This wasn't about porn or your dating history.
OP feels like poop.
OP, just my opinion, don't feel so bad.
It's a mist
ake that I'm sure many a people have made in the history of mankind, and if your father is as great as you say he is, you will most likely live to be greater.
So your analogy is incorrect, because it implies that desire of one female equates to exclusion/nondesire for another.
To my knowledge, the human brain does not isolate physical attraction to a single entity.
I make no assumptions about the sexual health of their relationship in my statement.
that was your analogy.
It wasn't good or in any way accurate.
you haven't seen the posts of married people not having gotten it on in years.
You keep saying you don't mean to be rude, which clearly you do, so why even bother with that pre-phrase?
I never once stated that he never has had any intimate physical relationships with his SO.
You're putting your words and YOUR presumptions into my comments.
If he didn't find his female friend attractive why would he suggest posting naked pictures of herself on the internet?
I can understand why his girlfriend would take offense to that.
GW isn't the only way to get link karma.
The undertones of his comment would suggest that he inadvertently or subconsciously finds his friend attractive and would like to see her naked.
That's a slip.
It's something he was thinking about that he didn't mean to say, especially in front of his girlfriend.
And if you were familiar with Freud's work you'd know that nothing is ever that simple and (almost) everything has a sexual connotation.
Just discovered ...
What have you done...
There's no way to say this and not be rude, so please forgive me in advance.
But, being unable to distinguish a base mechanism like arousal from love/romantic interest is in fact a very immature (and I would argue, childish) trait.
So what if he fancies the friend?
It's essentially just a reflex that demonstrates he is a healthy male.
It doesn't mean he's going to fuck the friend (or if it does, she shouldn't be in the relationship anyway).
I'm sorry, but that sort of insecurity and immaturity needs to be addressed immediately, and if it is not something she can correct, she is not ready for a relationship.
I would not accept it in my boyfriend, I will not tell OP to accept it in his girlfriend.
I'm not condemning her as a person, only pointing out a trait that will cause future damage to herself and others.
and placating a jealous or abusive person does not make them suddenly rational, it just lets them think their behavior is acceptable.
OP's GF may not be physically abusive, but if she has him on silent/angry treatment for days over a simple slip, it is just as much a controlling and manipulative behavior.
Well, at least you realize you fucked up.
Most people never will.
If it wasn't there when you got back...
either someone took it home for dinner or it woke up and walked away after a nasty concussion.
It will probably suffer for the rest of its short life.
You bastard.
"It would be like him saying to his friend I'd love to eat your lasagna while his girlfriend was there (and he never wants to eat anything she cooks)"
This is your exact quote.
You directly state that he desires the friend and not the girlfriend, because in your analogy, he is consuming nothing that she cooks and has no desire for it.
That is your analogy, not mine.
Mine was to state that appreciation of and desire for one thing in no way lessens your appreciation and desire of another.
, saying "I don't mean to be rude" is not the same as "No offense, but (insert offensive comment)".
edit: the sexual connotation, I made no attempt to deny it.
I stated ( that shit like slips happen and you can't hold a grudge or the relationship won't last.
I'm not denying that the comment was sexual, I'm saying her reaction was disproportionate to the offense.
Cyborg-elves :D.
penises are remarkably useful in archery :P.
amazing post.
Fuck up of the week for sure.
:D thanks.
He does this quite often but this is the first time I actually fell.
Never a truer word spoken by man or beast.
Or any other interstellar living organism either.
A lie by omission is still a lie.
Yes, even the best relationships benefit from discretion.
But to constantly hide an aspect of oneself (such as desire for other people or a fetish or a dislike) is to be constantly denying an aspect of oneself.
You state that people can't be "fixed", yet you expect them to "fix" themselves when it doesn't agree with your personal morals.
poop nuggets.
You are again contradicting yourself.
You say OP should coddle his needy GF, but condemn your friend's "needy" wife for not fixing her behavior.
You cannot have both.
Which is it?
I went to a high school with a uniform and loved it because I grew up dirt fucking poor and it ended the years of cruel teasing I dealt with because of my shitty clothes.
You're not ready for marriage anyway.
Are you sure that's a fuck up?
So...er...did she?
OP, remember: one day at a time OK?
No man will ever berate a female for being jiggly.
Notice, hell yes, berate?
Not very likely (unless you're in a religious school) With that said though, I can imagine how discomforting it can be jogging with a big bosom :/
Guess it's time for you to take a trip down the river until she cools off.
MADNESS
Tell her that, not me.
Not an expert on finances or loans, but maybe you could look into:
There in no error in the task, but because he did that, it caused him to be late.
a joke about it...
...seems rather 'deer'-ranged
Drug dealers are people, too.
I bet they like hugs just as much as the next guy.
I mean, I'm not saying I approve of what they do, but hugs are nice!
Very true, it was just a bit unexpected.
That, son, is why we don't talk to anyone about the internet.
It always gets us in awkward situations.
Easy solution - drop the wife.
You started with the food, I went with it.
He never said anything about a silent treatment.
As far as I can tell she's just unhappy about it.
The friendship he might have with that mom might feel threatening to OP GF.
We don't know if that mom is the flirty kind or not.
He didn't say she started screaming, crying, or yelling.
Just that she was pissed.
If she's a reasonable human being she'll get over it.
If not then she's that kind of person.
No, it's still not a lie.
You don't go around telling people you like to pick your nose, do you?
It's not a lie by omission it's just not something you share.
It's not hiding an aspect of your self.
Dying your hair black all the time instead of being the ginger you are is hiding an aspect of yourself.
Not sharing that you find a female friend attractive and would like to see them naked in front of your girlfriend is common sense.
If she asked Do you think she's hot, then you could give a more or less honest answer.
I also think you're confusing advice with morals.
My personal morals involve not murdering people.
My advice was to keep his fapping material to himself,in order to circumvent this kind of argument or blow up.
There's a difference between saying I find that actor attractive and saying I want to see my friend naked.
Am I the only person on Reddit that's never shat myself?
Dude you fucked up when you were fucked up.
Your dad knows this.
You manned up and sobered up for 3 fucking years.
That is something to be proud of!
You have been making yourself a better person for your wife and kid, and THAT is commendable.
You should at least rely on the fact that you are strong enough to face your demons (when some people are not).
Your dad and you will figure it out.
with the collections people and see if you can pay off that debt that is tarnishing yours and your dad's credit.
I think you are being too hard on yourself right now.
Your dad sounds like a great man, and there is definitely a resolution to this.
There will be other houses once you get the credit thing cleared up.
My suggestion is to wait for a couple of days or a week, get your head on straight and talk to your dad.
a plan of action to FIX it.
Oh and go get a job or learn a trade.
LOL, makes me think of the time I ate three habaneros straight on an empty stomach at the grocery store and then walked home.
I made it about halfway home before I collapsed vomiting on the cold sidewalk, took me more than a half hour to get back up.
Don't know what I would have done if I didn't have a half dozen bananas with me...
No, I didn't say he should coddle his girlfriend (we don't know if she's needy or not).
Read more carefully next time.
I do condemn my friend's ex wife.
She cheated on him, several times with several different men.
I don't condone that kind of behavior at all.
She did it b/c she was needy and never satisfied with the attention given to her.
I knew her very well as we were good friends at that time.
I ended our friendship as her behavior became more erratic and selfish.
I blame my friend's exwife not for being a needy, attention whore, but for not being able to show self restraint or fidelity in her marriage or in her life.
You can get over an insecurity when you mature as a person.
It's not about fixing.
There's no cure for things like that.
It's a self discovery as you journey through out life.
Maybe she'll get over it maybe she won't.
My own grandmother is the needy, insecure type.
She constantly craves attention.
She probably will never change, but she also knew how to keep her peanuts in the package.
I can't stand some of her behavior.
I also don't have to live with her.
It's about choice.
She's gonna have to get over it.
It's human nature to be attracted to people.
Just because you're in a committed relationship doesn't mean your eyes stop working.
As an insecure female myself, I understand why she is so pissed, but she's just gonna have to let it go and laugh about it.
As long as your hands and other various body parts don't go wandering she really has no worries.
Jesus, how dumb can people be?
He offers an out, 100% chance he will be arrested otherwise...WTF?
Maybe he just wanted to be arrested.
And how the fuck will the title be changed if the car was not altered in any way?
As a girl in a really stable relationship, can I just say that jealousy is a biological response too?
I get stabs of jealousy when my boyfriend mentions that a specific actress is hot or whatnot.
to control that reaction is part of maturation, because obviously I find other actors attractive too, but that doesn't mean I don't find BF attractive.
But when it comes to real life people who might be a threat, that's entirely different.
I think I would have had the same reaction as OP's girlfriend.
if I already have issues thinking that my friend is way more attractive than me, if my boyfriend then confirms in in front of me?
I'd be angry and hurt.
It's fine if he finds her attractive, but the way OP phrased that seems, from a girls perspective, like well.
Why would he want to be with me then?
It's a pretty easily saved situation.
Give her time to cool off, and some TLC.
No girl wants to hear from her boyfriend that she's not the most attractive one in the room.
Once I put a potatoe in the microwave, hit 60 minutes instead of the intended 60 seconds, and went to do laundry.
Your story beats mine.
But I was damn glad our lease was up 3 weeks later, cuz that place still smelled horrible.
My roommates, however, never quite forgave me...
i did the same thing.
i asked a girl what she was doing this weekend and can i sit on you.
this was my 2nd day of work and i freaked out and put my head down and walked away.
i ment to ask her what she had planed and can i sit with you for training.
it was bad!
He will be expecting more hugs in the future.
Just do a one arm lean in hug thing.
drugs are nice!
is also a good sub.
was the swallowing of petrol and your digestive distress related, i wonder?
Mark Twain has a great quote:
"Many terrible things have happened to me in my life.
And most of them never happened."
it is not all as bad as you think.
There are other mortgage companies in the world.
Maybe he'll get a better one.
Maybe he'll find an even better house, closer in.
Just remember that growth comes from pain.
Move mountains to figure out your money issues.
Listen to positive material.
Wayne Dwyer, T.
Harv Eker, '50 / 50 , Think and Grow Rich" all are great material to throw on your MP3 player and listen to constantly.
Start following lots of positive coaches on facebook, life t harv eker, jim rohn, etc.
, it's his fault to for cosigning your drug addled self.
Accept your responsibility, and assign him his.
Life is what we make of it.
The worst disaster can create the best opportunities, the biggest windfall can wreck your life.
We can't grow if we are too comfortable.
Pain triggers an extreme reaction of growing beyond our previous boundaries.
The pain of sand causes the oyster to grow a pearl...
Not TLDR, just NFP (No Fuckin' !)
You are in the far minority.
I wouldn't call this a "fuck up" personally, unless he really reacted poorly to it.
OP just seems like a decent person.
This is very good for you, and I'd like to think the same about myself.
Of course masturbation is a thing that all men do, a large majority with porn.
And although some have the maturity and experience to differentiate between porn and real life, not all do.
So if you're dating someone who does, that's good.
But there's always the chance that you might get some douchebag who doesn't understand why not all women want cum on their face or have DDs.
And that chance will always be hanging over my head.
And that boys and girls is how you make maturity in a woman.
If they're all freaked about your occasional porn you should start dating girls that are out of high school.
He has a kid, that seems a really bad idea.
The first rule of /gonewild is don't talk about /gonewild.
Wise.
Wise words.
My wife is pretty fucking awesome, (hence why I wifed her.)
But you gotta cover your ass bro.
I remember in high school art, this girl I sat next to sneezed.
I looked towards her and she was trying to cover this kind of pool of snot in her jumper.
Was hilarious :D
I'll get the shovel.
A story worth reading but for those put off by the wall of text:
I cannot put into words how sad and upset I am that I did this to my father.
I love him more then anything and he has worked his whole life to get where he is today only to have his druggy S.O.B oldest son totally screw him out of the home of his dreams.
A few years ago I moved into an apartment with my wife and new baby.
I could not get it on my own since I screwed up my credit while abusing .
I am sober now and have been for 3 years but the past doesn't go away.
When I left this apartment it was because my father ( once again helping me ) offered me a job at the company he manages.
I was out of work and with a child I jumped on the chance.
I had a lease with the place I was at and if I left I was told I would be responsible for the rent at my new place and the old place until it was moved into.
I could not pay both and tried my best but the thing went to collections and I have to this day not been able to pay it.
Fast forward to about a month ago:
My father is offered the opportunity of a lifetime.
He obviously takes the job and is excited.
He puts his beautiful home up for sale and finds a AMAZING house about 30 minutes away from where his new office is.
Fast forward once again to today (7/19/12 @ 5:25pm ):
I am taking a nap on the couch when my wife waked me up and says my father is on the phone and he is really upset.
Please keep in mind for this next part that my father is a GREAT man and the best human being I know.
I am NOT saying this because he is my father but I promise you that if you met anyone who knows my father that they will tell you nothing but how amazing he is as a person.
He has done nothing but love and support me even though I have been nothing but trouble to him.
After he explains to me what is going on I brace myself for the ass kicking of a lifetime, but it never came.
After he hung up the phone I sat there starring at the ground thinking about what just had happened.
When the weight of the situation finally hit me after a few seconds I completely broke.
I sobbed harder then I have since I was a child and walked into my computer room punching the wall in complete disgust of myself.
When I got behind the door so my wife couldn't see me I fell to the floor and stayed there crying for a long while.
My wife came in the room and when she saw how broken I was she began to cry with me.
I want you guys/gals to understand that for the last 2 or 3 years I have done everything within my ability as a man to stay sober and try and rectify my life.
This however was a huge setback for me and I have been sick to my stomach all night and feel like I ruined my fathers goals.
I don't have a clue on what to do.
I am currently unemployed and getting government checks for EDD.
I am completely ashamed of myself and I would do anything within my power to fix this if I could.
Do any of you know anything I might be able to do?
If you do please let me know so I can start working on it.
Thanks for listening.
It is hard to recognize what somebody what somebody is going for in a goodbye/greating shake.
I am flattered when I recieve hugs!
I normally expect daps though, being in a college community, normally older clients go for a nice handshake.
the most awkward mixup is when I go for daps (kind of a high five and shake combination) and they want a handshake.
It typically ends up them gripping only the fingers of my hand, and getting some sort of weird hand situation similar to a royalty hand kiss (
I don't care about you, is the cat fine?
Why would you tell a woman, even as a joke, that they should post on gonewild?
That's at best bad judgment and at worst creepy.
Not for the average person.
All of this is for those neckbeards who masturbte a lot and to weird porn.
I think this calls for a major lifestyle change.
I'm gonna quit my job, move to another country and soil myself every damn day
No, it really isn't.
Do you think TED is for neckbeards?
I think you are the first person to acknowledge what my name means.
I think it's at BEST creepy.
I watched the TED talk as well.
And out of these billions of porn watching males it is only the ones who masturbate very very frequently and watch gore type porn that actually experience those effects.
For those of us without problems, who occasionally watch porn there is nothing to worry about.
hugs for drugs!
me, it wasn't the men I was worried about.
If the girls at my school found out, they'd never let me hear the last of it --
Fuck the cat.
What about the toilet?
Surely you drink petrol not eat it, it being a liquid and all.
I'm glad I could open your eyes to this!
That's only if you LET IT skew your view of women.
Need a good reference point to stand by too.
hugs are drugs!
If your drug dealer's professional, they won't bring it up.
They probably thought you were just high or something.
I agree, actually.
It's like...
I dont know, seems pretty funny to me.
kid happily fapping to gw, then his mom shows up.
Oooh :O
NOW it all makes sense, god I'm daft sometimes :P
Fuck. As an aspiring artist, my heart breaks for you.
Drugs are hugs!
Hell, who doesn't like a good hug?
I know I do.
I don't think there is a clean part in any of Steel 's lyrics...
I do have to say these guys are fucking awesome!
marry me
Say no to hugs.
I always give other males that I'm tight with the hand-shake-pull-them-in-one-arm-bro-hug
Kind of a bitchy way for a 'naturally friendly' person to go about telling you she heard everything...
welll except for when my school tried to make us have uniforms.
thick black cotton?
in kentucky?
in august?
FUCK NO.
we burned them in the parking lot after 2 weeks
Just make sure that he knows the first hug is free, but after that you're gonna have to charge him.
Why not hug the drug dealer?
Who else is bringing that sort of happiness to your life?
If I ordered pizza more frequently I'd be hugging the delivery guy too.
I hug my pot dealers all the time in the count that they are all my friends.
Hugs 4 Thugs
1-800-Hug that Thug
Lets call it the "Thug Hug"
Juicy J can't.
Hey, I know you are upset but beating yourself up about it is not going to help.
What will help your dad is you showing him you know you fucked up.
Do NOT disappoint him again.
Pick yourself up and do SOMETHING anything to make amends.
Maybe try and find him another house?
Of course it'll never be his dream house but he will have to move somewhere...
lol no
I will ONLY date men who have the maturity to differentiate between porn and real life.
I'm 29, I date men close to my age, and if they haven't figured out what porn REALLY is by now, they are not for me.
A church hug.
you could always grab some , a few fifths of jack, and touch the sky.
I have some here you can have.
Go ahead, I know you want to.
Forget all your troubles.
I will even make you a deal of 2$ per.
All you have to do is ask...
"I can quit anytime I want!
I'm not like them, I'm totally in control of myself."
I'm betting it happens a lot more often than you might think.
"Oh god, I love you man, thank you, thank you, I love you!"
I bet this is why bartenders have a big wall of countertop between them and the customers.
Call the hospital and get a note.
It isn't like this is an uncommon request for them.
You don't have to be admitted again you just have to call and ask...
Scary stuff..
Hugs on Drugs!
I thought schools were off for August?
(And July, and June, you lucky bastards.
Us Brits just broke up today...)
Hugs AND Drugs, kids!
Truly.
Next thing you know they're boning each other in the back seat.
And why would it not be, dear friend?
This man has ambition!
Lots of people know that feel bro.
this tells me you are on good and friendly terms with your provider of narcotics.
the fact that he accepted it and didnt freak out is a good thing, not a bad thing.
The christian side huuug!
Maybe you should lay off the drugs and get your eyes checked.
Was it a wearing sweatpants with a boner hug?
More info needed.
We have the same stove/microwave combo...well.
Had, anyway.
Proof provided.
U mad bro? due to derp with blocking out names in facebook screenshot.
I didn't know he knew.
The look he gave me chilled me to the core and I honestly felt like he was going to kill me.
There is no such thing as shitty weather there.
what the crap is a dog ball?
if you meant 'bowl', you have that dog's gratitude.
How the hell do I know of a (
: If you grew up in the 90's this video may make you question your childhood.
Haha what the shit was that?
I found it to be humorous!
And while I was a little too old for this to make me question anything, I just sent this to my younger sister who will probably be quite conflicted about it.
meant bowl :p
That IS a fuck up
I do this all the time with friends I haven't seen in forever and they do the most complicated handshake things, its so awkward.
That's nothing.
TIFU and accidentally drugged my hug dealer.
You made that dog very, very happy when he woke up.
Drugs are bad, mmkay?
The question is; did he hug back?
God.
I can die happy now.
Fun fact, the red head guy in that skit (little pete from Pete and Pete) did an AMA not too long ago.
I think a hug is the perfect gesture after a drug deal.
He gives you drugs, and you give him money.
Only a hug can make such a win win situation even better.
For some reason I could hardly read the story because I was laughing so much at the title.
I always use the two-handed-I-love-you-man-let-me-stick-my-finger-in-your-ass hug
Not insulin tablets...
or Calpol
Hugs on drugs!
I don't think Pablo or Ricky Ross would like any hugs.
What does he sell you?
Just asking
What you should have done next is unpeeled a banana and start eating it while keeping fixed eye contact with him.
OP, first of all commiserations.
I have to say, what's done is done.
Sadly, we can't turn back time.
All you can do is try to make the future better by never fucking up so badly again.
And by staying sober so that no one else's life is ruined by your mistakes (e.g your child's).
As for your old man.
He's pretty upset right now, but he will forgive you.
Also, he'll find another way around or a different loan provider.
It may feel like the end of his dream, but dreams are fluid.
They morph and change.
As for the guilt you feel.
Well, that may take some time.
is a hard bitch.
My advice is to somehow start to repay that loan, even if it's only $5 per week.
Just start to repay it, somehow.
Anyway that you can.
Best of luck...and for the sake of your family, don't go backwards.
upwards my friend.
Awww, don't worry, I nearly hugged and kissed mine today, but that's because I had just found out that he's a new daddy :-) His baby is cuuute!
Can't believe we have to clean up stonedoubt's mess.
They're both fine
People are downvoting you.
I upvoted because I'm pretty sure you were just quoting South Park...
And if you weren't...
then I apologize.
Just a finger?
, I once left a nerf gun on the back of my brother's car, he drove to school, and after he came back it was still on the decklid.
It didn't have a spoiler or anything on the decklid that would keep it from falling off, either.
I always hug and kiss my drug dealer goodbye...never thought that was weird until now!
He probably thought you were patting him down...
no friend-zone long awkward hugs, then you should be fine
you forgot to blackout the person who your talking to at the top.
That's good to know I made another person somewhere in the world laugh.
THIS IS MY DAILY STRUGGLE.
I hate the ambiguity of greetings and salutations.
The worst one for me was when someone came to the bar I really didn't want to see.
We had a "history", something of an embarrassing history and we both knew we didn't really like each other, but we had mutual friends.
I knew he was going to come over so I started to get a bit of anxiety.
"pleasedontcomeoverpleasedontcomeover".
He came over.
He is usually a hugger, so when he went in for the high five, I hugged him.
HARD.
Like I missed him more than anything.
I don't know how I went in so hard, I just freaked out and it was an accident.
I am literally involuntarily lowering my head in shame when I remember how awkward this was.
GOD I COULD HAVE GOTTEN AWAY WITH A HIGH FIVE.
It might have been but I don't think you can digest it so fast.
Yeah, that's how I found the video.
He has a bunch of videos online under the name "."
you werent expecting a document lol
Can we take it a little slow?
My last bro left me for a woman.
If you write a sorry note to your dad he would feel much better and probably forgive you immediately.
Though I don't know anything about your dad, when my son blows up at me and then he apologizes later, that's how it works out for us.
Well, as Jon said, "His name is my name too!"
Well most of it anyhow.
that countertop is not big enough.
shudder
I already texted him and said: "Sorry for yelling.
I appreciate this.
I know he's not going to be mad at me or hurt forever.
It just feels real bad right now.
since he never texted back and isn't home yet...
" and placating a jealous or abusive person does not make them suddenly rational, it just lets them think their behavior is acceptable."
for truth.
It's just the pants , that could have gone wrong in alot more ways.
Except that you clearly do.
Michi, I have yet to see you live up to your name.
Ooops.
WTF her parents kicked you out?
They didn't have the common decency to see you were sick?
Fuck that shit man, I would have taken care of you.
Of course, in the morning, I would make a ton of loud noises and open the blinds so the sun could shine on you.
He's probably just chilling out.
Why is your TLDR so mean?
i assumedyou were making a funny south park reference!
Before you know it OP will be the biggest hug baron around.
Wait a minute, don't say that you are so stupid that you don't use condoms!
At least you're not dead.
I have a serious fear of this happening to me.
Sure man, sure.
Just let me give you a hug .
Looks like you gave him a hug for a coulple'a nugs
Way to assert your dominance OP.
'It's a steaming bowl of Cap'n Crud!'
But just try to explain everything that happened, it's kinda the only thing you can do...
We love hugs and don't need people to always act 'cool' fyi
Seeing a person act genuinely is much more respectable in my view
We were going to leave at about 11pm to get the last train home but his friend said we could sleep at her house.
We get to this girls house and she sneaks us in as to not wake her parents.
Why the fuck did she insist on you guys staying at her place if her parents were going to be there.
Even worst if she lives with her parents.
thank god this didnt happen at my theatre, the guy responsible would be dead
I'd actually rate this as a 1/10.
OP is obviously not fucking up that bad compared to others.
Fuck the OP!
she's like 17 so living with her parents wasnt an issue.
She just told us to be quiet so we snuck in and were gonna leave first thing in the morning
YOU HAVE A HUG DEALER?!
I hug my drug dealer all the time.
I don't understand what the problem is.
...To you go.
Found it!
Except that I'm on my iPod and it will not let me go just in front of the d to erase it.
I'll get it when I get home though.
I tried this and it worked!
went on vacation and they asked I'd I could come over and housesit while they were gone.
I said yeah and while they were gone, le girlfriend and I made sexytimes all over the house.
I thought I cleaned it all up but forgot a wrapper in their huge beanbag chair.
He bought it 100% though.
I'm not cringing so much at the shitting yourslf as at the eating petrol...
What'd that taste like?
I pay him in .
I hug as I come and as I go, and I don't even normally hug people.
Well, the good news is it wasn't the worst night at a theatre in .
It's no big deal.
No one was hurt.
It's only money.
The theatre will do just fine with the 10,000 other showings of the movie over the next few weeks.
I always hug my drug dealer!
But maybe that's 'cause I'm dating him...
Yes I was going to post it this morning around 2:30am EST but I was too tired.
When I woke up I saw all the news about Aurora and I didn't want this to be seen as trying to cash.
So I decided to not post but I realized somebody might enjoy it and besides having to do with a theater it has nothing to do with that terrible event.
Also the way they overprice every concession item, they have already made up the money in a day.
I know because I saw the numbers on a daily basis.
Also I am deeply saddened by the shooting.
I don't watch tv news I rarely watch PDS so I never saw anything about and I didn't understand that gravity of that situation.
This on the other hand hits closer to home being that I very recently worked at a theater and I cannot imagine the panic.
I do have to say I am so sorry for all the people involved or impacted by the shooting.
Just a South Park reference, not sure why people are taking it so seriously.
Hugs not drugs!
Well, why not both?
no, we were expecting boobies.
I'll smoke to that
There are times when you get suckered in..
by drugs and alcohol and sex with women...
Doing good and bad happens...
too soon dude..
Thanks John
buttholes of money?
lost it at erection juice
my x-gf gave head to my drug dealer.
Wonder how she feels.
It tastes like soap in the pump bottle but much more bitter an it burns a lil bit.
also its quite runny, well duh it's a liquid but its like a smooth liquid
to always hug your drugs, kiddos!
Just as long as you said "no homo" afterwards.
i hug my pot dealers all the time on account of them being my friends
You aired dirty laundry...that's messed up.
I teared up slightly after reading this.
Holy fuck, I'm so sorry man.
I'm in art school, even as a writer I have classes that involve all of that stuff and I have been trying to work on my sketches.
Again, so sorry.
This is the second time I saw a story like this.
oh reddit you are an unsatisfiable bunch you are
Play 'em off Cat
sadly no, at my school we go back August 1st, we have june and july off but as i work on a pig farm all summer, personnally i would just prefer school
exactly why i will not donate unless i need some good karma, i dont like needles and i have awful balance so i would fall from a MUCH greater height...
no thank you
Holy fucking OUCH!
Is your vision going to be ok?!
Sorry, was on my phone.
I thought it would work.
People should should be able to consume what they want, just as they should love who they want.
Shame on you for your bigotry.
forgot to put on a bra before work once.
I was a server at Red which means I stand 2 feet from people and lean to set things on their table so my boobs are almost at face level while wearing a white button-down shirt.
Sadly, I don't think I even made better tips that day :-/
dude i love giving hugs.
and getting them ESPECIALLY when drugs are involved!
If I edited my drunkness would you feel better?
How did the petrol taste, I have always been curious
Plenty of men will.
Not everyone has (
I think so, they don't hurt much now.
Phew, that's good!
Feel better soon!
Ask her if she would like to do it again sometime?
u should probably delete that link or something...
not only did you have your friends name there you also had the facebook link...using that link I was able to find your friend and through her friend list I found you ( Ke Ne)...
be more careful next time
I'm sorry Miss .
I am fo reee-al.
Neva meant to make ya daughtah cry, I apologize a thousand times...
You should have green pancake.
Men in relationships look at porn because the hardcore pornographers do things in them that we could never picture our significant others doing.
There's some nasty things that go on in porn that we could never sully the image we hold our partners up to.
So him having his own opinion is bigotry?
That's news to me.
More importantly, always drug your hugs ;).
Are you 10?
Just curious...
what file format is the film in (if you're allowed to divulge that information)?
You couldn't tell the difference between a toilet brush and a back scrubber???
I've only done it once to my bf.
I was super embarrassed, but he shrugged it off.
Don't think he even noticed that much.
As a precaution I don't give him BJs when I have a full stomach.
My brother blew up my parent's toilet with an M80 one time.
He's a fucking dumbass and lit it while standing in the bathroom for some reason, dropped it in the toilet thinking the water would put it out.
I laugh everytime I think about it.
Wish I were there to see the look on his face...
[Note: They live in TX where fireworks are legal]
this is probably wrong, but i'm currently picturing a small white guy hugging a gigantic hardcore gangster black guy.
so, you might say,
he fucked the shit outta you?
I'd be pissed off too.
She probably has a quality pair of tweezers, and you went and stuck them in your nose.
Go buy one at instead of using her good one.
yeah, got 21 karma for posting about getting detention till 10:00 pm
When in doubt, hug it out!
DRUGS 'N HUGS
Really really bad mmkay?
What do lispy moans sound like?
My twisted curious brain wants to know.
So many shitty puns
But it's when you do these things too much...
that you become an addict, and must get back in tooouuuch...
Why exactly was it too soon?
What made that comment not okay, in your eyes?
DRUGS 'N HUGS 'N RUGS
You shouldn't say fuck, no you shouldn't say fuck, fuck NOOO!
When I read your title I thought it was in and I thought it was a weird protip.
posted one of the hard drives the other day.
It's in JPEG encoding.
Every piece of electronics I've ever submerged has always worked fine after drying for a while, so you might have luck.
I once put a digimon through the wash, and it worked afterwards.
can easily be replaced though, if that's the only thing that's not working.
Wait, you have your own bathroom?
And you go to boarding school?
I can't wait until Life slaps you right across the face.
I must have missed where he said anything about boarding school.
Good job on taking the battery out, that's the best thing you could do.
Bad job on putting it back in without waiting longer.
Think how long it takes for water to evaporate on its own, now put it in a fairly enclosed casing (Your phone's insides).
Also, the rice trick doesn't work that well.
It mainly absorbs external water, and takes a long time to do it.
This will evaporate the water inside your phone, which will make it safe to close the power circuit as well as stop the water from corroding the insides of your phone.
I can't say if you fucked up or not, as putting the battery back in might've screwed things up.
, the corrosion is usually a bigger deal.
Don't turn on the phone for the next 24 hours or so and try and evaporate the water inside the casing.
Open it up as much as you can without damaging the phone.
IT GETS THE STAINS OUT.
Yeth, ow baby yeth!
Now I just imagine you coughing during sex trying to cum and the guy being all confused.
It's hardly your fault that she poured something into her eye without being sure what it was.
She didn't have her contacts in and has really bad vision already.
I feel bad.
My experience with the rice thing is you want at least 24 hours total submerged
+ Time = Funny.
The USA cannot claim the Time portion because to many people celebrate the gun culture and have ready made excuses for the shitstorm that is coming in regards to gun cntrol.
for details.
Or, you know, he wouldn't.
That is almost really the case.
Small-medium white guy.
Wait, this doesn't start with TIFU.
You're a bit eager.
You should wait a little longer.
That makes you a terrible, terrible person.
People need those hugs to survive.
Even though this story is amusing, I'm going to vote you down because of the sheer stupidity of this story.
[My name is Doug, and I can cut a rug, and I can cut a rug, and I can cut a rug!](
Thats not how it's supposed to work...
Unless you think the stupidity involved is of such great magnitude its irrelevant to a subreddit about fucking up
I thought this was .
Same thing happened at my local theater, but only the computer in our theater got fucked up.
else got to see the movie on time.
My brothers and I went for a marathon of all 3 films with the first one starting at 6pm.
We were there for more than seven hours and we didn't even get to watch TDKR.
The theater refunded our tickets and concessions and gave us a free ticket to any movie except TDKR, so I think they handled it well.
Fuck your boss for charging 14 dollars for popcorn anyway.
You did us a service.
I was taking into account the subreddit it's in, it was just a personal thing.
I'm not going to give it a thumbs up because it's in the right subreddit.
The entire theater (850 - 900 people) being refunded only cost $2,500 in refunded tickets?
This doesn't seem quite right on one of those figures.
HUG LYFE
You need a pair of [nose hair scissors with rounded tips.](
is better as it leaves enough hair outside the skin to keep from becoming ingrown.
And don't share personal grooming items, the bacteria in nostrils is pretty bad and can cause eye infections if your sister is using the same tweezers and touches her eyes.
Etc., etc., yes, I am a mum.
Sorry, just trying to help :)
Care to meet up sometime?
...Seems like we could have some fun.
swiftly.
That's your Mom.
She works in an emergency eye care clinic
Sounds like a stroke of luck to me.
HUGS YO!!!
I would suggest deleting this comment based on the OP's self posts
I guess you could call it puts glasses on an asscalator
When I was in high school I had an teacher who put super glue in her eye thinking it was eye drops.
Didn't turn out so well, she pretty much destroyed her eye.
Yea, it's bad times.
Aw damn, you forgot to start the post with "TIFU"
Rule #1!
It's okay, please resubmit the post with TIFU in the title.
Thanks, and I hope your phone works!
That's not good.
I wouldn't worry too much.
A lot of those can be quickly canceled and replaced easily.
It addition, some cities have a central deposit of things left on public transportation.
You could try looking there.
My eyes watered just reading the title.
Good luck to your mother.
What, was the cab unregistered?
Call the company!
i find it a bit harsh that you'd be fired on the spot for that.
sure it's a fuck-up but it seems to me your employer is also responsible for your competence; not to mention the fact that your competence just got a big boost (i.e.
you'd never make a mistake in planning again), whereas with the new hire all bets are off again.
then again, maybe there's a reason i'm not a successful business owner.
But the other comments...
You need to have to have the power to detect sarcasm, my young one.
Learn it quickly, you must.
I think the accident was caused by you, but not because you acted so unreasonably that you should be blamed.
I assume it's always kept on the same shelf as the eye drops.
It's harsh to expect someone to anticipate that a person who can see is identifying items on placement alone.
So, I doubt your mother thinks you're trying to blind her.
That being said, it does remind me of the age-old trope of women blaming men for leaving the toilet seat up.
This always makes me wonder "Why the hell are you sitting on something that you haven't even looked at recently?"
But they didn't put the sarcasm face!
You need loads of training to do, my young apprentice.
vagina clamp-down!
Those muscle contractions when we cough can't be controlled either.
I can verify that it does NOT make you come though.
has to turn this into a tshirt...
I could sell the hell out of that at hippy festivals.
left your life in a cab.
that's a first world problem if I ever read one.
does not ring true with this story.
His credit would not be affected by your default on rent unless he guaranteed the rent payment.
In that case, they would have been knocking on his door at some point, looking for payment.
v.v I'm sorry.
I don't think any women complain about men leaving the toilet seat up because they accidentally sit on it, do they?
I always assumed they were complaining about the inconvenience of having to put it down before using it.
A+, would read again.
90% of the threads that occur from it will have at least one girl (or fake girl) complaining about falling in.
Yeah, this fuck-uppery really stuck with me.
That's what I've heard women say.
I've even heard one or two angrily try to find who to blame after actually "falling in".
Your suggestion (that it's about the trouble of putting the seat down) seems oddly petty and selfish.
You don't hear men complaining about having to lift it when a woman leaves it down.
Also, if that were something to be avoided, it would make sense for everyone to leave the seat in whatever position they use it.
That way, if the next user is of the same gender, no one will have to move it unnecessarily.
If the next user is of a different gender, it still only has to move once, and will still work out over time to be less hassle for everyone.
Maybe "falling in" is a story made up to have something more traumatic to complain about, when it really is a matter of convenience.
is not toxic and is commonly used to close small wounds (small to medium in the military).
There shouldn't be any side effects since she obviously didn't glue anything to her eyeballs :)
For future reference: (or 2-) dissolves cyanoacrylates, but are irritating and should not be used on eyes without precision and knowledge.
That might be also the reason why her eyelashes are gone, to prepare for the careful application of acetone.
You live, you learn...
He broke the bowl and water poured out, I believe.
it wasn't a strong enough explosion for shrapnel to be a problem.
I have actually fallen in.
Next bit is TMI...
when you are a lady you wake up to your period running free, like wild horses through a plain except the horses are blood and the plain is your sleepwear...
So you run through the dark and plop down on the toilet...
Now you are bloody and covered in toilet water, and additionally it kinda hurts because you don't expect to fall an extra couple inches and your legs are up by your chest...
then the cramps start and you give up, turn the hot water on and cry in the shower.
